Democrats do n't know how to manage money ? Shocking !
It 's not like automation has eliminated the need for any manual labor since the 40 hour work week was established or anything .
Insane like a fox . Ted Cruz is actually very very intelligent . It 's his constituents that are insane . He 's just playing the part .
If Jesus destroyed satan for our freedom , why is there still evil , Tom , huh ? Huh ? Why Tom ?
Because the Reddit Liberal Brigade™ would downvote it to oblivion within minutes ? Does that sound about right ?
It 's amazing how Democrats view money . It has to come from somewhere you idiots and you signed up to foot the bill . Congratulations .
That just makes me cringe . Not sure if it 's the use of memes to try to appeal to teenagers or the fact that this song wo n't stop harassing me ( I GET IT YOU GUYS THAT 'S SO FUNNY I 'M A FOX ) .
So the question during their Twitter Q & amp ; A about washing the sleaze off with a regular shower or with baby tears has been answered ... it 's baby tears while removing candy from said baby .
This really is pathetic . You send shit to other countries and you have to include the obligatory proselytizing bullshit ? really ? & gt ; I love jesus because
I for one am in utter shock that these fine institutions would stoop to such a low level to deceive consumers and benefit themselves financially . /s
I 'm sure it will pass ..
would n't some of the door knockers see this as `` a test '' and knock anyway ? i do n't get many door knockers where i live , The 2 times its happened i just answered the door in my underwear and say a polite `` kindly fuck off '' and that worked .
That , of course , is the Debt Star .
What 's a Dennis Miller ?
Do n't forget he 's Canadian He 's chosen the dark side of fundraising , confused by lots of donations from angry GOP base who would n't vote for a Democrat if you literally paid them $ 5 . The fool does n't realize that the quick and easy path will destroy him in the long run .
The EPA is in fact non essential .
It 's too bad their lifespan is measured in days .
Must not be much going on for Congress this week .
Skanks , the lot of them .
That was today 's talking point .
If you ca n't win on substance , win on a technicality : GOP creed .
Obama is god ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
'Reid ' and 'reasons ' share part of a syllable ; ca n't be coincidence .
Yet more proof that there is a god .
Then why was Hitler rejected from art school ? : pThere are particular facets of Card 's books that I find really hard to reconcile with his real life bigotry . In the later books , Ender is among the most rational and egalitarian characters I have ever read . Card clearly understands diversity and tolerance better than most people , yet he flat out rejects them . It 's sad how much power Religion has to poison even great minds .
She 's a uniter . Most people , regardless of political affiliation , can agree she 's horrible .
Seems like all is forgiven regarding the Republican brinkmanship caused government shutdown .
I honestly do not know if this article is for real ... no one is that stupid ... right ? ?
Best idea EVER ! Could you imagine if scientific industries and scientists got the same ridiculous tax breaks as your average Kansas church ?
I am an American Jew and I call on the people of Israel to get rid of Netanyahu and other right-wingers .
wikipedia . org/wiki/The System Has Failed
Nothing to see here folks . Dancing with the Stars is on . No need to worry about this . Support the troops . Murica !
This just in : pseudo scientists make claims using incomplete and insignificant data as proof- everyone believes them . Its like mythbusters . Lets use a half assed bastardized scientific process and not thoroughly test
Yo dawg , help an Airman out
& gt ; `` Here 's a picture of my house '' Oh ? you dont have a house ? why not ?
Every time a liberal whines about their precious Obamacare , and angel gets its wings .
They tried using polls , they tried being clever ... only to discover they poisoned their own well . Now it 's time to take a drink .
Turtle guy , who said his primary goal was to deny Obama a second term is reasonable and willing to negotiate now . Yeah .... and I 'm a Chinese jet pilot .
Here 's the logic . I claim to not believe in Unicorns because I 'm ANGRY at Unicorns . Make sense ?
Wow , thanks for all the context , OP .
Let 's eat popcorn and watch the Teahadists tank the Republican party into oblivion the next election cycle . The political mileage from this kind of stuff will haunt them for decades . `` Remember back during the Teahadist days ... ? ``
American Royalty .
The point of the article is that while everyone ( outside of the Fox bubble ) understands that it is an astro-turf group funded by billionaires , many progressives see tea-party supporters as uninformed , low income fools who are working against their own best interest . While the reality is that the majority of tea-party supporters are the same wealthy conservatives that have been around since the Reagan revolution . This is not to say that the media has n't focused on the image of the ignorant white-trash supporter with a severe spelling dysfunction .
Did he cut a large circular mouth hole ?
Wait so the founder of a thing says his thing is the best way to do a thing ? Whoa .
But hey , we 're not here to generalize .

Yeah , Fuck freedom of religion ! Free healthcare , my employer , that I chose to work for , is forced to pay for , is more important than that !
But you have to go to the hospital at some point in your life . Your use of the product is 100 % guaranteed , so you should have to pay for that product since it 's inevitable that you 'll use it . We agree that they 're crooks , but so many people thought a single payer system was bad so we kept the crooks alive . Democrats wanted single payer , Republicans wanted nothing , the ACA was the compromise .
Um , not exactly
& gt ; But the guts of your question – even without all the name-calling and acrimony – reveal the essence of what 's broken in our country . You want to know `` how I can associate '' with someone you don ’ t like ? The short answer is , how can I not ? How are we ever going to accomplish anything in this incredibly divisive time if we associate only with people that we don ’ t disagree with ? Wow . At first I was really impressed with this quote , but now I 'm ashamed to live in a time where this needs to be said . Can our society , so focused on equality , be headed for a time that we shun people for having different ideas than us ?
Great idea on the talkathon Cruz . Really made the republicans look like the sane ones .
I 'm gon na go with the polar bears died and that made the water colder .
Quite frankly , it was Obama that made me independent . I 'm embarrassed to say I voted for him , and I 'm not alone in saying that . I 've never voted Republican , and I do n't support blocking the ACA like they are , but it 's going to be several election cycles before I get duped into voting for another Democrat . Aaannnndddd downvotes ....
Yes , `` stolen '' . As if TradeFortress was the most trustworthy person to begin with .
Why should we try to cure diseases ? God designed them to kill you . /s
So this guy is dick , right ?
How much were they given in the bailout ?
You got what you wanted then .
Worse , it 's a fire in the house that we both live in .
Work , ai n't nobody got time for dat !
Amazing how they made sure all this would go in effect right after the election
For the same reason mega churches are popular , and you keep hearing about a new , no investment needed real estate plan or method on the radio . Greed is easy . Giving and caring is hard .
Who 's Sarah Palin and why is her opinion more important than the member of any kindergarten class ?
I thought even a child could understand that giving money to rich people does n't make poor people any better off .
The bible is a good argument against fundamentalism , put it that way . Because taking much of it literally is crazy . Indeed , Christian traditions that do n't rely on literal textualism are not going to have a problem , as they 're already open to the considerable grey areas true faith ( as opposed to blind belief ) requires . That said , Penn Jillette is as bad a face for atheism as fundamentalists are for Christianity -- as he has very loose contradictory ethics . On the one hand as liars , but then turn around and as effective manipulators . One thing I really hate is seeming intellectual defenses of what really amounts to excuses for any personal bias .
Wait until these fuckwits hear about the first amendment .
& gt ; every time I pay my new premium , I am paying into a system that makes it possible for my fellow Americans who have not been as lucky as me—people who really have been losers pre-ACA—to finally get affordable health care . Socialism . Evil , anti-American , anti-Christian socialism . Right there .
Did you sign up for Obamacare A . Yesterday ? B . Today ?
How surprising that a Republican Congressman from Texas should turn out to be a giant hypocritical asshole . That almost never happens .
What a steaming pile of horseshit . I guess democrats have all the answers to all the world 's problems and republicans have nothing good to say whatsoever . We can just dismiss them all . This kind of thinking is what 's wrong with partisan politics , and as a matter of fact it 's what 's wrong with most religious thinking as well . `` We have all the answers and we 're not going to talk you because you 're wrong . `` It 's so childish .
Good luck , Wendy .
Well I suppose as long as I keep my chain saw on idle and do n't point it at anyone I should be able to walk around town with it and nobody should be concerned , right ?
Maybe because there are more religious people in the world than there are atheists ? And that lower class countries still have a substantial number of `` religious '' ( not really religious , just following the flow ) people in them ? Also , since the study also includes people in prison , where a lot of people convert because of desperation , its not really reliable in that sense . Oh , shit sorry , I mean , RELIGION IS BAD AND STUFF RABBLE RABBLE RABLLE !
Another thing .. just to add .. when a white person says something conservative or profound it 's tossed to the side and called racist , but if you put a black person 's picture above it , or say Morgan Freeman said it or whatever , it blows up my news feed as the greatest thing ever said .
Hah ... You think Canada has strict regulation of the Financial sector ... adorable .
Yup ! Do n't know why more Christians do n't follow this . Oh , wait , its not hateful and it doesnt further their agenda .
Why ? We 've got more money than we know what to do with in the USA . We 've got people paying $ 5,000 to sit in the stands at Fenway to watch a ball game where a 29 year old pitcher is getting paid $ 2 Million Dollars .... We 're not broke , we 've just got our priorities all wrong
I guess the mods have dictated that this is now an acceptable domain , but do n't you dare try to post from any of the others ! We ca n't let people think for themselves , now can we ?
I have had one for almost a year and I do n't think that I have even ever plugged it in ...
I used to be a youth leader , I was shocked and disappointed when I was ignored for basically saying the Word of God is what ultimately attracts people and not games and activities . I shared to the co-leaders about my own experience and looking forward to come to church as an unbeliever because God 's Word drew my natural curiosities . Their response was `` you 're different '' and moved on . The co-leaders are all great people but I think in busyness they focused too much on logistics ... kind of like it is a given to focus on God so therefore they concentrated their efforts elsewhere . Note : Me not being a youth leader anymore is not related to this .
His career is copied from his father . His positions are copied from the Tea Party . His name is even copied from Ayn Rand !
Good thing he was born in Canada .
Darwinism would greatly conflict with Hitler 's master race . It would mean that the master race has evolved from some lower beings .
If you remove the `` christian '' qualifier , you can see what a self-evident statement that is . Progressives are consistently at the forefront of social justice ? YOU DO N'T SAY ! Huh ? ; ]
Politics : the dirtiest job of them all !
Neuroscience and The Matrix would make a cool class too ! Neuroscience and Super Mario Bros could even fit somewhere . It 's not because a subject can be discussed when talking of science that this subject is valid in context .
And is easily fooled by regular tape .
I wonder if Obamacare covers whatever it is that Carney 's smoking ?
It 's not even all that miraculous , the chalk dropping on his clothes and then rolling away is well within the realm of possibility . If the chalk floated down to the floor like a feather or hovered in mid-air then we 'd have something .
From user tilio who deleted his comment after realizing how stupid it was , '' as the other side of `` independent , '' i feel the exact opposite . we 're 17 trillion in debt with over 70 trillion in unfunded liabilities ( medicare is once again , almost bankrupt ) . instead of making efforts to work these down , democrats are piling on even more debt . it 's clear that many democrats / fiscal authoritarians have not looked at this from our point of view . republicans , tea , and fiscal conservatives in general want spending cuts and deficit reduction . as long as we stand firm , we win . either democrats cave to our demands ( giving us the spending cuts we want ) , or democrats drive us off the cliff , destroying the US credit rating , forcing spending cuts because they wo n't be able to borrow nearly as much money . the only way we lose is to agree to let democrats / fiscal authoritarians to keep spending . you may dislike this point of view . but it is inescapable fact . `` Your joking right ? That debt is largely a legacy of the last president and his two wars , which we had to continue . Conservative fiscal ideas are what drove us over the edge . Furthermore , we know your position , but you lost , the majority of voters elected representatives that support the ACA , as evidenced by the wast of time that the republicans tried to remote on it and lost every time . This is a democracy , just because the majority disagrees with you does n't mean you get to shut down government and act like a bunch of spoiled children .
Like they need more incentive not to do their jobs . The bill would trigger across the board 1 % cuts every 90 days until they pass a continuing resolution .
Hey look ! Someone who thinks The Administration is actually in charge . How 90s .
It blows my mind that anyone could be pulling down six figures in a ministry position . I wonder what the rabbi who forbade his apostles to carry money , food , or an extra change of clothing would think .
College Freshman tells his teacher he will be 'more cautious ' with his homework ...
If faith was stronger than the typhoon then why are all those people still dead ?
She made my penis fill with blood ! KILL HER ! THROW STONES AT HER UNTIL SHE IS DEAD ALLAH AHKBAR
Why Taibbi is not on every news source all the time , I will never know . The man is a genius .
well , ok. that 's one . 700,000 to go .
& gt ; It 's messed up you just think every conservative is the exact same when all democrats talk about is how `` open minded '' you are . There 's your problem . You decry conservatives being painted with a broad brush , then you paint `` all Democrats '' with an even broader brush . Get off the cross . We need the wood .
My current plan was `` None '' . My total healthcare costs over the past five years were $ 190 . I visited a doctor twice for a sleeping problem . Two $ 95 visits . Paid cash . If I had insurance , the deductible being higher , those visits would n't get paid . My total costs would have been at least $ 9,190- $ 18,190 , depending on whether my employer pays half . I miss None .
Stay in school , kids .
Or : Lavabit gets forged SSL key from compromised service providers . Unwittingly gives feds access to active users data .... Godaddy ? Come On Son .
so 93 million lose coverage so that the 45million who dont have coverage ... can maybe get it
This is not a checklist .
omg anne rand is so dumb i was really into her when i was 13 then i grew up /s
It jumped the shark when it stopped being about fiscal responsibility and became about socialism is evil , this is a Christian nation , and `` STOPSPENDINGSTOPSPENDINGSTOPSPENDING '' became their main policy while all they really did was pass abortion bills . You know , 3 days after it started .
How is it possible that this cocksucker is n't in prison yet ?
The NSA can spy on the future ! ? Okay , this is getting scary .
FOX News just hired him to be their voting fraud expert .
Always ironic to see a guy like Reich , who 's already made more money than he 'll ever need , lecture the `` New Rich '' on how they are too greedy .
Cheney will live forever , because only the good die young .
Yep it is hard to get a good education and therefor a good job when you are home schooled by the home schooled .
reddit told me that they are the same !
It would have been nice for the photo to be captioned with an explanation of the infamous event being depicted : Ryan `` washes '' already clean dishes at a soup kitchen that he made reopen late for his photo-op .
We already tried the whole unproven first term senator with little experience thing . It did n't work out so well . Liz has even less experience than Obama , so it 's sure to work out great , right ? Makes perfect sense .

& gt ; “ What about Somali or Hispanic students , who might not eat sandwiches ? ” Gutierrez asked . They are called tortas in Mexico genius .
Ask not what you can do for Supply Side Jesus , ask what Supply Side Jesus can do for you . All by buying gold from my ministry 's website !
Someone being the foremost expert in a subject is pretty impressive . That single person having more knowledge and experience of a single subject that any other human alive . She is the foremost expert of FOUR separate subjects . Wow . no .
I 'm still protesting the teaching in schools of Heliocentrism as perpetrated by the convicted fraud and known huckster Galileo . If Geocentrism was good enough for Jesus then it 's good enough for me .
And ? Even the Republican base does n't want the current Republicans in control of Congress ! That 's why so much anti-incumbent rhetoric exists right now . Poll says nothing .
But wait bitcoins arent real nothing was really stolen ... people pirate virtual information , music and software all the time ... its all virtual ..... why pay for software ? So why should it be wrong to take bitcoins ..... : P ( sarcasm )
It seems horribly unfair - and it is - but if we did n't keep paying them - or if we paid them minimum wage as others have suggested - then the wealthiest politicians would hold out forever until they got what they wanted and people who were n't already rich would be disincentivized to run for office at all . The 1 % would be even more grossly over represented than they already are and have even more of an advantage than they already do .
I do n't think you guys are on-board with how important it is to get every bit of carbon out of the ground and into the atmosphere .
Surely they 'll offer an `` In TFSM We Trust '' version , right ? Or maybe `` Joseph Smith Lied '' ?
It 's funny that you discount this guy 's opinion because of his bias but fully accept the completely biased IPCC report .
Another poll found that most people believe water to be wetter than fire .
I heard that Al Gore stands to make thousands of dollars from his investments in energy efficient air conditioners !
A chuckle-worthy irony .
Maybe Ken Cuccinelli Should n't Have Built His Campaign Around Sodomy .... because he sucks ! rimshotthanks folks , i 'll be here all week !
Impose a $ 5,000 fee for normal citizens running their mouths , while allowing corporations to get away with things like destroying entire communities and ecosystems for free . And we allow it .
Because obviously anyone that does n't agree with you is a bad person , am I right ?
You only have two parties . Why do n't you just flip a giant coin for each election . Same difference .
Yes , the war on Christmas rears its ugly head once more . This year we will not see blinking lights on houses , decorated trees in homes , christmas services at church , christmas products for sale in every store nor even a single christmas-related advertisement . To make it worse , no one may own a bible any more or celebrate christmas in their own homes . If you are jewish , muslim or a host of other religions , you are asked not to celebrate your own winter festivals as the mere presence of another holiday is a clear attack on christmas itself . Also , if you are an atheist , your existence is an affront to freedom . /eyeroll
If they cared about debt , they would n't have voted for a candidate that wanted to increase military spending by $ 3trillion .
Hell the KochGangsters bought Wisconsin they do n't have to bother with little things like laws anymore .
Is that not the correct thing to do ? I agree it was poor judgement to take the donation in the first place . But let 's not go all Benghazi about this .
Up next , Obama shuts down all sidewalks in the nation due to no budget .
All the more reason to cut billions from food stamps . Darned freeloading starving seniors .
Even if you do n't believe in God or Psychics , you got ta follow your gut man .
Imagine if it was a man his age going after 17 year old girls with substance abuse problems .
The ACA website is a 1000 times better than the Republican IDontCare . gov healthcare website .
`` ... the villagers hid the best they could and hoped that the terror would pass them by . Think of them as your standard gun control advocates who prefer to hide and hope that someone else will protect them . `` Dang , nailed me as a pacifist . /s
When did House Republicans declare Jihad exactly ? I must have missed that .
I would love to celebrate him for this , but then I 'd need a google+ account .
Republican = bad politicians and Democratic = good politicians ?
To be fair , that 's probably true for a society where women are currently cloistered : giving them the freedom to leave the house on their own will probably increase rates of shopping and drinking lattes at Starbucks , too .
Did n't know I was so powerful . Cool .
It 's always good to see a lying president council another lying president on how to/not to lie .
She must have taken the Parsing Graduate Course from Bill Clinton .
& gt ; get off Ohio 's dick and let them do what they want to doAnd while we 're at it , let 's let the south have slavery again . Frankly , there should be a constitutional amendment protecting a person 's right to do what they want with their own body , particularly prior to the point where they are carrying another viable life . No state should be able to write laws that make it more difficult to get an abortion under the guise of `` protecting women '' when it is a fact that abortions performed in the developed world are among the safest procedures in medicine .
It 's mind-boggling that it 's that high .
I 'm sorry , but does anyone actually believe that the Slate article is meant to be taken seriously ? If so , there 's some hard-hitting journalism over at The Onion that 's sure to catch your interest , too .
Yea that 's it . China . Nothing to see here .
They 're voting for the constituents that matter , the ones that give them money . Dollars & gt ; Votes .
& gt ; An unintended side effect of the security measure is that a number of non-malicious extensions that violate Google 's terms of service in other ways will effectively be shut out . I love when changes for your own good , because you are too stupid not to download and install malware from the web are also self serving .
Did he talk at all about how he places personal religious beliefs over the civil rights of others ?
bet the GOP wont try to repeal the patriot act 42 times .
Seems like a really terrible article to me . Yeah , let 's gloss over the police state this nation has basically become , and blame Wall Street . Lots of stupid in that article . I 'm guessing that 's why there are lots of upvotes , yet no discussions .
your congressmen dosnet have your back , he has you by the neck
Let me fix if for them . `` If true , these accusations would amount to some of the gravest war crimes ~~perpetrated~~ admitted to by American forces since 2001 ''
Nelson Muntz sends his regards .
Turn that shit into a drinking game . Every time he says the word `` conversation '' do a shot . And then die of alcohol poisoning : \
Is n't Texas that state that go bailed out for $ 75 billion by the fed gov during the S & amp ; L crisis back in the 80 's ?
The guy who invented basic coverage for everyone in Massachusetts should run for President .
huh . A democrat made a comment trivializing Rape and it 's not all over the news ? If it was a Republican it 'd be the top story on CNN and MSNBC right now .
And a fundy christian half-term governor , with delusions of grandeur , is one of the best sources for comedy in America .
this ... this is a joke . it has to be a joke . this website must be a subsidiary of The Onion , right ? ... Please ? God , I hate my countrymen sometimes ...
In other news , Democrats want everybody to be owned by the State .
That 's it . I 'm moving to the moon .
We know the Earth is vastly older than 10,000 years old for a huge variety of reasons . Just to name a few : Amino acid racemization , Baptistina asteroid family , Continental drift , Coral , Cosmogenic nuclide dating , Dendrochronology , Distant starlight , Erosion , Fission track dating , Geomagnetic reversals , Helioseismology , Human Y-chromosomal ancestry , Ice layering , Impact craters , Iron-manganese nodule growth , Lack of DNA in fossils , Length of the prehistoric day , Lunar retreat , Naica megacrystals , Nitrogen impurities in natural diamonds , Oxidizable carbon ratio dating , Permafrost , Petrified wood , Radioactive decay , Relativistic jets , Rock varnish , Seabed plankton layering , Sedimentary varves , Space weathering , Stalactites , Thermoluminescence dating , and Weathering rinds . Really though , this is just a short list . Virtually all we currently understand about physics , chemistry , and geology leads us to a conclusion of an old Earth and universe . All of the evidence we currently have available indicates this . & gt ; ... and they are not taking in the account of a possible global flood ... There is no evidence to suggest that at any point in time Earth was fully covered with water or oceans . Having `` never looked into it '' your confusion is understandable . Edit : Like someone else said . On an order of magnitude of how far off Creationists are it 's equivalent to believing that New York City and Los Angeles are like 20ft away from each other .
So when they went to private ownership , they just magically developed over night a deep knowledge of crops , animals , environment , and farming techniques ?
They are still trying to figure out how to backtrack on the Southern Strategy . Give them a few decades , maybe they will come up for something good for climate change .
And that brave , patriotic , pro-life Navy SEAL champion 's name was Albert Einstein .
Those are very common attributes , you should be a proud American .
`` Demand that this president leave town , to get out , to put the Koran down , to get up off his knees , and to figuratively come up with his hands out . `` He 's saying this about a president that I voted for , along with 65,899,659 of my fellow Americans , not even a year ago . He 's saying this about a president who is trying to push through legislation that I feel is necessary , if we 're ever going to improve on our current healthcare system . He 's saying this about the freely elected President of the United States of America . And , 20 % of the population eats it right up . God help us .
Hey guys . Apparently this article meant what it seems and we should all vote it down .
The funny thing is he thinks he 's helping .
He 's no Mark Warner but he 's also no Cuccinelli .
I think you mean people that they will be hiring in a few years .
From the article : & gt ; While there is a possibility that this administrator would have similarly overreacted had the employee worn a George W. Bush mask ... Bwaaaaaah ha ha haaaaah ha ha hee ho ho ooooh . Whew . Good one .
What a fraud . Fire damaged goods with a personal story that is irrelevant . You know : under most trading laws you need to be able to prove claims you make . If you ca n't prove that this is `` divinely destroyed '' then you are violating those laws . Good luck with that .
What I want to know , what has he down that 37 % of people approve of ?
& gt ; But its ideals of freedom of speech , freedom of religion , and tolerance are closer to America ’ s ideals than any other country ’ s in its region . Last time I checked , destroying Palestinian villages and seizing their land for Israeli use was n't a definition of tolerance or religious freedom .
Allen West rails on Obama , CNN Drops Morgan , and the Goverment Shutdown . This is a great week !
I do n't think stealing shite from a latrine counts as plagiarism .
I would love to see every Walmart employee go on strike 10 minutes before Black Friday opening . Then watch as all the greedy consumers burn the place to the ground . Capitalism at its finest .
then you 're gon na get kicked out of the tea party AND the Moral Majority AND the American Family Association and Pat Robertson will call a hurricane right down on your ass
Well let me tell you ...
Welcome blackFtfy
Sheldon Adelson is , unfortunately , a U. S. citizen , although he probably should n't be considering his real allegiance is to the state of Israel .
Koch : $ 15 million ? One moment , let me fetch my change purse .
& gt ; Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion ; or preventing the free exercise thereof ... You can practically smell those `` Biblical Principles '' , amirite ?
If he wants to keep it secret , the word would n't get out .
Oh my god what a headache listening to her ! You know what though ? We 're going to hear this same stuff from Republicans for the next few weeks . It 's a `` serious investigation '' they are undertaking ... Presented by Miss South Carolina .
Do n't forget the burden that eating fast food habitually puts on taxpayers .
so the article is saying my generation is down to earth and the previous generation is to superstitious it is clear ; from now on , I should make all important decisions in our family , because clearly I 'm way more rational , exactly what I 've been saying since I was 6 years old
Is it plagiarism if they ghost wrote the book for him in the first place ?
The health deductible tripled due to ability of health insurers to now charge 3x more for skin bronzers -- ziiiiinggggg , see what I did there
The one true God is 178910723 . 6438216 . Suck on it 4 's !
& gt ; & gt ; '' It 's not radical , its not extreme cause we all believe it '' That 's pretty hilarious ... Yes you are all radicals .
Happy Veterans Day !
Believe me , I was furious when our `` socialist '' ( I ca n't roll my eyes at that hard enough ) president took single payer off the table before anyone even had to ask him to take it off the table . We should have nationalized healthcare like every other civilized nation on the planet , but apparently my fellow Americans just do n't want it . They 're barely willing to tolerate the incredibly mild reforms in the ACA . Hell , people are furious at the president because their terrible fake insurance is being replaced by cheaper insurance that actually insures them . `` But but but you said I could keep eating dirt and paying for the privilege if I wanted ! Liar ! Liar ! `` We 've been trying for single payer since Teddy Roosevelt 's day , and it got him kicked out of his own party . This sort of `` everything new is pants-pissingly terrifying '' mindset is why we still wo n't use the damn metric system . As much as I think my country NEEDS single payer , realistically I have to admit that the majority of us apparently do n't WANT it , so I 'll take whatever petty improvements we can get .
He 's obviously making this up . He may not realize that , though .
A press release right before a long holiday . Surely this is n't an attempt to bury such big change in policy .
It should be pointed out that an amendment to Obamacare to allow people to buy prescription drugs from outside the US ( a campaign promise of Barack Obama ) was proposed ( by John McCain of all people ) and was killed by Democrats in the Senate at the behest of the Obama whitehouse . Obama actually lobbied to kill his own campaign promise on this issue .
Shocked
$ 780 in food stamps ( plus WIC ) ! That 's some lavish dining !
Well if we did it to them , we woul be in trouble ... SO LET 'S STIR UP SHIT !
Obama calls it Obamacare .
`` the environment '' ... another strawman
They had a soul ?
Makes me proud to be an Aggie ....
NEWS FLASH ! Capitalism .
Someone 's brother-in-law must have just come up with a 'new , radical design ' for the uniforms ...
Youth uninformed about politics ? Since when ? !
What we 're seeing here is a coup d'etat by stealth . The GOP is no longer a party with an ideological platform that can convince the masses . It has now resorted to rigging the system in its favor in very undemocratic ways . Strange behaviour for the party that claims to represent true American ideals like democracy .
Hey man , I 'm sure you just missed the memo , but `` capitalism '' is now defined as the government telling us we have to buy something and then narrowing the definition further , by telling us we do n't know what we want and they need to show us .
Even though I agree with the article 's general purpose , I ca n't take anyone seriously who compares the tea party to jihadists or the Taliban . Yeah , they are assholes , but hyperbole does n't get you anywhere . The same goes for anyone who spits the words liberal and socialist out like it 's poison . I went to college and studied political science because I was an idealist who wanted to work for the country , to help craft policy which would improve people 's lives . After getting a real taste of what real politics is like , I lost almost all interest . Thanks assholes !
I mean if Obama can win one ...
You guys should just leave us behind . We 're just dragging you down . We 're not gon na make it , man . Save yourselves !
Evolution is from the devil , have n't you heard ? The idea is to scare kids from even learning about it .
CBS . Enough said .
& gt ; His ambitions involved staggering levels of violenceI am shocked . Shocked , I tell you .
I 'm so happy he 's been given enough rope to hang himself .
This is why his nickname is `` Handy J. Olsteen .. ``
But-but the rapture !
I think the Republicans make a fatal error when they do n't take in to account , human nature . When you tell people they ca n't vote , they are sure to show up in droves .
The post talked about questions to conservatives . Why did you change the topic to refer to 'reasonable people ?
It most definitely is . How could it be construed as not some form of terrorism ? They are holding the very interests of America hostage until they get their demands met . They are willing to let the economy crash and for Americans ( of course , minus the wealthy Americans ) suffer until they get their demands met . I hope that history and Americans are wise enough to judge these people as what they are : traitors . In every sense of the word . They have turned their backs on their country 's best interests , their constituents , the history of America and are abusing their positions to kowtow to the needs of the wealthy exclusively . That is terrorism . I 've said it before and I 'll say it again : The GOP has done more damage to America than any terrorist organization in our lifetimes . Yes , Al Qaeda had caused more life loss but the GOP has ruined the lives of millions of people and continue by fighting exclusively for the wealthy and corporations , taking food from the mouths of the need , the elderly , the young .... and the more damage they do , the more pride they seem to take in it . Jesus , I wish we could split the country into two separate nations . I 'd love to see how long the poor fools of GOP land last after they become enslaved to corporations and the rich . There would be slavery again , without doubt , there would be a nation of 98 % impoverished all struggling to help make profits for the 2 % of the wealthy . Fuck the GOP . And fuck the uneducated , uninformed people who cling to the `` both sides are the same '' mantra . You understand absolutely nothing about politics , the economy , history or anything else that has to do with what 's going on right now in America .
Nice budget PC there .
I wonder if the parents are the kind of people who worry about 'liberal reeducation camps ' , because the would be hilarious .
Destroy America . Profit . Win . What 's wrong with that ?
Do n't you love that they also gave themselves millions in farm subsidies for their own agri-corp farms . Not their districts , themselves . My TP congressman voted yes to it while voting to cut food stamps . He does n't get the subsidies but he was part of the shutdown so I give him a hard time about it .
`` atheist winter holiday gift exchange '' - this cracks me up .
You do n't say ?
The website being broken is n't even the biggest problem . The biggest problem is that the law is fundamentally flawed . Even if the website was working properly , people would still be getting their hours cut at work and kicked off their existing plans . This is only the beginning of the shit show . We have n't even entered the second act yet .
Christians ca n't be Republicans either , but you do n't see that affecting them . Jesus was all about helping the poor , giving out free healthcare , and kicking the moneychangers out of the temple . He was also pretty cool with taxes , very anti-war , and non-judgemental . Does n't seem to stop Christians any from supporting the political party that 's completely Anti-Jesus .
You are using stereotypes to fight racism . Bravo
`` Money does grow off trees , right ? `` -Liberal
Do n't forget the good news : 24 % of those surveyed were atheist !
If only we could elect a constitutional lawyer to our highest office , then we 'd be set . Thanks Obama !
Let me get this straight ..... So Steve Wynn starts a company , employs a bunch of people , lays some of them off and now he 's no longer a job creator ? So that business would just magically exist and employ people if he had n't started it ? I 'm not saying that guys like him are n't greedy or assholes , but let 's not be disingenuous here . Regardless of whether or not they have altruistic intentions , guys like him still employ more people than if they had n't started their companies to begin with . Wynn is a bad example for `` corporate greed '' as he is an example of someone who has actually built something from nothing . He does n't owe a single job to anyone . He employs people to help him make money .
The ironic thing about Christie is that liberals like him because he is nice to Obama , and conservatives hate him for the same reason .
Patriotism ? We 're Christians , not patriots . I love all of humanity , not just 'MURICA .
& gt ; '' Believers are more likely to say that God has significant power over weather and disasters . `` No shit , Sherlock . It 's like saying that people who eat meat are more likely to eat a hamburger than are vegetarians/vegansEdit : formatting
Imagine if schools spent $ 70 million on education .
you ca n't fixed stupid .
It 's a novel way to `` balance your budget '' . Appropriate for spending and then just not pay the bill .
Alas , I know not enough geology to properly refute this . Instead of researching this myself I 'm going to assume they are right . Pack it up guys , we 've been disproven : (
Lets start with mandatory drug testing . That will inspire some people like this gal to get a job so they can buy drugs with no penalty .
Moderate democrats are important for us to hold majorities and allow procedural votes to move forward . I live in a moderate district , supporting a moderate democrat gives us a chance , rather than the congressman I have now who likes to jump naked in the sea of galilee .
Well , whether the government does anything or not , that percentage is likely to go down eventually ...
That 's how I like to play monopoly !
I like how the second poll does n't give an option to blame congressional Democrats .
Good to see that with all their focus on shutdowns and defaulting on the debt that they have n't lost a modicum of their class .
Yep this sure is a Republican Shutdown /sarcasm off
Is it a slide whistle ?
Something sexy that goes boom versus purchasing health insurance . Gosh , I do n't get why .
Pity they got rid of the rainbow graph of institutionalized fearmongering . Obama could probably benefit from bumping it up to orange or magenta or whatever .
Must be a `` racist '' too . /sarc
& gt ; In dentists ’ and doctors ’ offices , hearing aid centers and pain clinics , American health care is forging a lucrative alliance with American finance . A growing number of health care professionals are urging patients to pay for treatment not covered by their insurance plans with credit cards and lines of credit that can be arranged quickly in the provider ’ s office . The cards and loans , which were first marketed about a decade ago for cosmetic surgery and other elective procedures , are now proliferating among older Americans , who often face large out-of-pocket expenses for basic care that is not covered by Medicare or private insurance . American exceptionalism .
Dumbasses . There is no `` healthcare . gov '' web site . It 's hosted by Akamai , which means there are hundreds of them , each running on whatever Akamai server is close to your provider . Good luck taking that down .... The tea party website on the other hand , has no such distributed server network ....
It nobody has noticed by now . It does not matter what the majority wants .
Perfect example : me . I pay about $ 6000 per year for health insurance . Never had to use it until this year . ( Pain in kidney area , trace amount of blood in urine , dehydrated a lot , working outdoors in the south ) Gee , I bet I have a kidney stone ... Google agrees $ 6000 insurance $ 1000 deductible $ 1000 in co-pays , 20 % of bills for cancer tests , two rounds of x-rays , ultrasound , etc ... $ 8000 paid so far . Guess what ? I have a kidney stone . Good news , there 's a procedure available that smashes the stone , but you have to be anesthetized , needs more tests before we can put you out , bloodwork , EKG ... Another couple hundred dollars . And the procedure ? I will owe 20 % , which is $ 3000 . I do n't have another $ 3000 , so I ca n't really afford to have it done . Am I risking future kidney function ? Possibly , yes . Total bill for kidney stone : $ 5000 $ 6000 for insurance $ 11,000 Total , if I want treatment . If not , suffer . I ca n't currently afford it , so .... Awesome , huh ? EDIT : Oh BTW , my deductible re-sets at the first of the year , so if I do n't get this done before xmas , it will cost $ 1000 more next year . TL : DR Fuck you America . Get your shit together .
& gt ; Our focus school and our Superintendent ’ s mandate that we improve education for students of colorThen teach them what a damn sandwich is !
Even when they 're stupid they still think they 're smarter than us .
I observe this every day . If you talk to a `` right winger '' in Fox news terms , then they hate big government , Obama , socialized medicine , taxes , etc etc etc . Talk to them about actual programs , and suddenly they are actually for almost every government program in existence .
America gets in their way .
Dude , try living in South Carolina . I swear we 've had like 1 good news story about us in the past 4 years . All the rest ? Completely embarrassing .
Watching McCain these days is like watching a political take on `` The Notebook '' , but without the sadness ... instead of bouncing between happiness/sadness , it 's glee/fury .
Careful ! Rand is the darling of the Libertarians , they will defend him and his father till their last breaths .
All Obama has to do is pick up the phone and give Boehner a call . And also cave in to all of the GOP 's insane demands and then impeach himself . Also something something Benghazi .
While I think the parents should burn .... & gt ; Cook said , “ I feel the punishment should match the outrage felt by this community . `` I do n't think that is , in general , a correct way to dole out punishment .
And patriots !
I was coming on here to post this , but figured someone else already had . It is in fact the perfect representation of hardcore right Christians . Love thy neighbor ... unless he has different beliefs , is gay , is a democrat , is from a different country , etc .
The Gaywakening . I wonder why it took them so long to start disciplinary proceedings .
Conservative response : herp derp Detroit hurr durr
They 're kind of out there . But they managed to shut down out government .
The home team always hears cheers from the crowd , even in their worst seasons . They would n't even know they were losing if it were n't for the numbers .
& gt ; People should n't be so surprised by this , as guaranteed basic income is a policy that appeals to both conservatives and liberals . It 's anti-bureaucratic and simple and is a very effective anti-poverty measureSo is universal healthcare yet ....
I do n't know why you 're being downvoted for speaking the truth here . Democrats are no angels . What is this ?
If hating you is wrong , I do n't want to be right . ~ The Republicans
Let me bully a Park Ranger doing their job under difficult circumstances I helped bring on . Wait ... a different and accurate viewpoint ? I 'm out .
Its almost as if there is a concerted disinformation campaign trying to confuse people about Obamacare .
I 'll take this as an improvement of sorts . Silly as this stuff is , it 's far less damaging than organized religion . It 's embarrassing now , but as a teenager I was interested in `` magik '' . I read thousands of pages of Aleister Crowley and even that fake `` Necronomicon '' that used to circulate . So esoteric . So cool . The kids will wise up eventually . Even if they do n't , I 'll take goddess worshipers , Tarot readers and other occultists over monotheists any day . `` Harm ye none , do what ye will '' is far more congenial than the bloody-mindedness of the Bible or Qur'an .
Was n't it in this same interview he says he believes in god ? Lol
who ? the democrats ?
NO WAY ! The Nobel Peace Prize winning MESSiah would never do such a thing !
I like this video but not as much as the one where he promises to end wire tapping . Although the one about closing gitmo asap was good too . It ties for my other favorite which is where he claimed Libya was caused by a video . But you cant forget about his bailouts those videos are always worth a watch after all he kept Detroit running . You can not mention favorite videos tho without talking about his absolute disgust of raising the debt limit while a part time congress person .
Lol good one , let 's just round up every last corrupt politician , regulator and law enforcement officer , and throw them in a prison that 's totally not built on corruption , and run by corrupt wardens .
Jesus is not pleased with this division within His Body .
yes , blow up the financial sector , what could possibly go wrong ? ?
I dream of different creative methods of punishing him if he were convicted of war crimes . What I like is feeding his naked living body to pigs in Laos ....
I would call that adding insult to injury , but the bill is hardly the worst part of this .
6 % of American 's clicked the wrong button .
files . wordpress . com/2009/04/black-man-tea-party . jpgmaybe if you had socialism people would be able to put their apostrophe in the right place . As someone from outside the US it is just absolutely alien that people are on the streets with placards complaining about `` socialism '' especially when you see the exact people who are the ones protesting . I was in the US recently and I took a cab in St Louis , the cab driver was an older American who had bad health little or no healthcare as I understood it but he spent the entire journey complaining about socialism . As a Swede/Brit/European my head just can not get around the concept of someone whose life would be orders of magnitude better complaining about socialist beliefs . The ruling classes have through a very cunning media campaign managed to dupe the working classes .
If this even gets to 100k , you know that some whitehouse aid will respond with bullcrap about surveillance and security and the administration 's supposed stance on the NSA revelations . And of course , oh yeah the book report ; education is good .
Welcome to /r/libertarian , Glenn Beck .
Obamacare is much more than the website . My grandmother is already saving $ 100 a month in RX costs because the ACA mandated changes in drug costs for seniors . A glitchy website in the first few weeks was expected . People still will have plenty of time to sign up . The GOP is like a bunch of airline passengers who think the plane will crash because the flight attendant is a little late in handing out the duty free menu .
Should 've made a joke about sending her off to Pakistan or being honor killed for embracing western values .
Sad to say , that line worked on several conservatives I know .
The point is you invite them on b/c your fanbase believes that and they want to see hannity `` destroy '' atheists on his show , b/c it is what they want . It is a confirmation bias , they already know they are smarter than those selfish , egotistical atheists , and they need their gallant knight to show them how he slays their morrally repugnant leader using the reason and logic they try and use agains jesus . Obviously the set up is to have hannity , a good debater go against someone ill prepared for his fast talking gotcha attack journalism , well this guy was ready . Funny thing is , the christian conservatives that watch hannity , probably think ol ' han desroyed this atheist .
Call my cynical , but I am guessing they did n't 'fall ' for anything .
My grandmother got $ 59 and they just sent her a letter knocking it down to $ 23 . I am very grateful that she has us that can provide and help her . I ca n't imagine those who rely on it a great deal . Thanks government . Fuck up the only program that was doing well with a very small amount of fraud .
Liberals truly believe the ends justify the means .
Do n't we give people meds for seeing or belivinbelieving in things they think are real ?
& gt ; They could pass one this very minute if Mr. Boehner would bring the clean Senate bill to a vote . If Boehner brought a clean CR today , a large percentage of republicans would vote for it , he ca n't bring it right now .
You do n't expect him to remember what he dictates from the Teleprompter feed , do you ?
War is peace .
Yep he had lots of flaws fortunately being a bad sci-fi writer was n't one of them .
Well I 've heard that Mexicans and Blacks smoke it and then want to rape white women . It 'll also be detrimental to the cotton industry ...
`` In 2010 , more than 20 percent of Texas charter schools reportedly had a religious affiliation . `` Anyone else surprised that the percentage is that low ?
Well it 's the only way to stop that awful health care bill that they could n't stop at the ballot box or in court .
Shock .
They had me at metaphorical Jesus . That 's the last thing we want .
Boy do I love being told that we live in a Christian nation . So are Jews , Hindus , Muslims and Buddhists all second class citizens ? Political views aside , I 'm curious how these `` US=Christian Nation '' people feel about Eric Cantor , the House Majority leader ( and highest ranking Jew in the history of Congress ) . I would think he disagrees that we 're a Christian nation .
They are working on hormones to add to the chickens that shrink our penises and make us bad drivers so that they theses stereotypes will be irrelevant in the future .
EVERY nation that has surpassed the USA test scores in reading and math are nations with union teachers ... but ask any Republican/Tea Party/conservative in the USA and they will go straight to `` it 's the teachers union. ``
No their primary motivation is to get money from the wealthy then do what the wealthy want .
The only thing I took away from this article is that if a writer as terrible as this can get a column on HuffPo , I 'm obviously not trying hard enough .
`` President 's words ~~have lost all~~ never had any meaning . `` FTFY
Feels good to have a spine . They come in handy when needed .
How does Clarence Thomas approach `` judging ? `` He weighs cases based on the amount of money he 's paid .
When they actually commit sedition , maybe ? Jesus , people , it 's better if there 's only one party trying to destroy our system of government .
& gt ; You deal with it and you move on , but “ casual sex ” has taken its chunk and you ’ ll never get it back . `` Because if you cross that line . God can NEVER restore you . You are permanently damaged goods . You 'll never know TRUE intimacy . What insane rambling is this ? Is this guy a believer or does he just think he is ? I ca n't tell .
I 'm sure the US news media would fairly and objectively cover any political leader who supported such an idea .
Mainstream America wants Ed Schultz to have a heat attack on camera .
it 's a college bake sale , let 's be fair now . asians would pay 2 . 50
Texas Pride = The ability to continually elect mental deficients to Congress .
Liberals : `` We ran a black guy so we ca n't be racist ! `` Tea Party : `` We ran a guy with a 9-9-9 tax plan that will help the economy ! He also has great business experience ! `` Media : The Tea Party functions solely around racist issues .
It 's cute that people think that a large percentage of pharmaceutical expenditures is for developing new drugs . The marketing budget dwarfs new development R & amp ; D expenses .
Fuck the Bronze Age .
I had no idea we had this problem with Barack until I read the same reddit article that you did .
`` No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States : and no person holding any office of profit or trust under them , shall , without the consent of the Congress , accept of any present , emolument , office , or title , of any kind whatever , from any king , prince , or foreign state . `` Article I , Section 9 , Clause 8 , Constitution , United States of America .
Ok , I only have one x chromosome ... but I feel patronized .
I wish . And if it is really happening it will be interpreted by some hardcore religious blockheads as God 's intention when he/she/it realized we were not worthy of worshiping him .. Of course , he/she/it knew it from the start .
So ... they purchased these books , which by extension funds further prints of these books , just so they could burn these books thus limiting the potential supply . And this burning of these books does what exactly , save for leading to more printings of those bibles ?
Never , is that soon enough ?
When was it ever a haven for free speech ?
Study : Over 80 % of Americans will re-elect their Congressman/men this fall .
I 'm a college professor . Incorrect attribution is n't what happened here . He plagiarized . I 'd report him to the university , and he 'd either get expelled or at least put on academic probation .
& gt ; Sean Duffy says the religious freedom and tolerance must continue to be a pillar of our foreign policy . Just not our domestic policy . That would be against what god wants .
They are cops . That 's the difference . They will get 2 weeks paid vacation . Are you new in this country ?
Holy shit ! I just realized I 'm killing future children right now . This must be rectified imediately .
You mean like when his union buddies go on strike ?
Landmark in the sense that it conforms to the reality 99 % of scientist know to be true .
I 'd like to see her abolish corporate personhood .
Now if only he 'd address his personal issues of pederasty .
They hate us for our freedom .
So you can easily imagine levels of selfish treachery that did not exist back when top marginal rates were very high , but you have trouble imagining that visionaries who do n't get to keep most of their personal economic gains would continue to innovate ? It sounds to me like the problem is with your imagination , not any particular tax proposal .
Do n't forget the oral sex !
& gt ; “ We need to move on and take whatever we can find in the debt limit . ” Holy shit , do these guys not learn ? `` Hey I pissed on the electric fence over here and it just about blew my dick off , but hey , I bet if I piss on it over there something else will happen '' . Fucking idiots .
Impossible . Obamacare kills jobs , I heard it on the talky and the picture box .
I actually heard Greta Van Whatever complaining on Fox ( via Colbert ) that nobody knew what to do and where to go to sign up . Lady , that 's your actual job . That 's what the news is actually supposed to be doing . Informing people . That 's like a garbage man not picking up the trash for month and complaining that there 's too much trash everywhere .
Irony , thy name is mobile site : com/YcKqiHt

Mmmm . A-H5N1 .
Great , so who goes to jail ? No one ? So , business as usual .
Would n't California be , um , part of America ? And therefore a component of its `` exceptionalism '' ?
Pro-tip : Do n't actually ask your local Republican . The answers will leave you questioning humanity .
How do we get the constitution changed so they have a reason to care ?
Pat Robertson fits the bill for sure .
He 's on a one man crusade to marry them all ...
You mean they 've learned nothing by another public , massive defeat ? Shocking .
Citation for the stories that have been `` pouring in '' , please ?
Maybe he should create a National Board of Journalism Teachers and give himself accreditation so he can flunk them anyways .
I 'm not a Vietnam vet , but I am an Iraq vet and I got out at E-5 . I disagree with this letter strongly . Not that vets day should n't be a school holiday , but at going after MLK day . Really ? How petty is that ? I do draw the line at Memorial Day though . That is more important to me than Veterans Day .
So , everyone should love pedophilia ?
This is now officially my favorite novelty account . [ slow clap ]
Thanks CBO , but we already saved $ 4 billion by taking food out of people 's mouths . We 're good .
Hope they win . Anti abortionism is evil , pure and simple
I agree , hes definitely doing what his constituents elected him for . Unfortunately , they elected him based on a lot of hearsay that he himself has contributed to .
Yes , expand the pyramid scheme ...
& gt ; $ 7,000 fineIt 's insane that one of the largest businesses in the world would refuse to pay this , but it 's Walmart . Is anyone surprised ?
Standard stuff here , nothing new . Same old flawed foundations supporting poor arguments . He `` owns '' himself , so he is somehow self-sovereign and all humans ought to respect that asking nothing in return . So he has a right to what he gets and no obligation to give in return . Standard libertarian nonsense .
It would make too much sense to connect all major US cities by rail . I think that the Airlines and car companies would lobby heavily to make sure this never happens . Looking at which cities the Highspeed was supposed to connect , it seems it was destined to fail .
Yeah because Obama is not at all a communist . He also has n't focused his entire life , including jobs , friends , mentors , `` religion '' and education exclusively around it . He is a just a regular , good old capitalism loving , American patriot .
Fucking ignorant rednecks . Fucking ignorant rednecks everywhere .
Please give him something to keep him in the US , we dont need him back in the UK .
Only to keep them from being embarrassed , because they 're such obvious moral failures they would rather have privacy while they find their bootstraps to pull themselves up with .
American Jews have pretty much never supported Israel in lockstep . Rather , their support base in the states comes from the born again Christians and Evangelicals .
A prosperity Gospel preacher in a mega-church turns out to be corrupt ? What next , is someone going to tell me that Jorge Bergoglio is a papist ?
Of course this is only an issue in Republican states . When Michigan passed its voter ID law , not a single democrat came here ranting and raving some bullshit about racism .
On a related tangent , I 've said the same thing ; I can foresee a new type of commercialized government where all citizens are also employees of the company . I reckon it 'll present itself first when we land on Mars ( coz you know that shit will be done by a private company ) and therefore everyone on Mars will be employees . Homes will be all sleekly product designed and town hall would be an Apple store or whatever .
For a sub disappointed with Obama , r/politics seems really eager to vote for administration employees .
So much for the Hippocratic oath
If you are under 100 % of the federal poverty level you do not qualify for a subsidy . If your state did not expand medicaid you do not qualify for that . You are SOL .
Mitch was doing a petty good job of that himself .
Ca n't stand Obama . Agree with him here 100 % . I 'm guessing one of the aides had to pull him aside after this . `` Umm ... mister president .... yeah .... ummmm .... ``
Good luck , starting your driver-less car with out a google plus account : )
`` It will never be pretended that any persons employed in that service [ making the constitution ] had any interviews with the gods , or were in any degree under the inspiration of heaven '' -John Adams
i wish there was someone/a group of people out there who were good enough to do this kind of shit right back to them . crash their servers , infect their computers , tap into them ... you know , just completely disable them to match their own unconstitutional behavior and stop them .
Well , to me the immediate problem is that it 's faulty to view God as a being among other beings . God is more like being-itself . Thus by definition you ca n't really have a God-eating-penguin . However , this statement is ridiculing the `` you ca n't prove God does n't exist '' argument , which is a bad argument so I do n't mind this statement that much . Shrugs
Do n't they need it the MOST ?
This joke is so boring now . I 'm surprised when I do n't see it posted about any piece of computer hardware news .
If only they 'd worked harder and gotten a third job , they would have been millionaires .
They 're all `` worthless '' unless you have the money to pay what the insurance does n't - after paying for the insurance ! That is not a phenomenon that started with the health care act .
I hope it does n't need food stamps ..
Children are more sensible .
So it 's the same policy toward illegal aliens .
It 's bad , approval among black Americans has fallen to a “ staggering ” 93 . 6 % .
This is all part of a broader conspiracy amongst the Seeker-Driven Movement to make public urination a Religious Hate Crime .
I think we are just going to see more republicans in general , Spanish , black , white , Asian , they all know that Obama is a fuck up .
I could get behind that . They make beer for members , sell it to help support their church , and part of the money they bring in goes to the community . But god still does n't exist .
I now tell people that they 're making `` the wealthy '' pay for this . When they realize they 're footing the bill , I turn and say `` Congratulations ! You 're wealthy ! ! ! ``
And 50 years ago a kid would be terrified to let their parents read their diary . The web is n't the problem , nor are the parents . The fact of life is that kids do things their parents do n't like , and no matter how those things are recorded kids would always prefer some privacy .
But we know that we would . We 've had marginal rates at that level in the past and our Rockefeller 's , Carnegie 's and Edison 's all stayed . And people still flooded into this country and tried to be worthy of those high tax rates .
It 's alright guys , they got bored and were distracted by boobs . TRUE STORY
Washington , D. C. Surpasses New York , L. A. as Fastest Growing Region of Wealth weeklystandard . com/blogs/washington-dc-surpasses-new-york-la-fastest-growing-region-wealth 767299. html7 of the 10 richest counties in D. C. forbes . com/sites/tomvanriper/2013/04/25/americas-richest-counties/
It surprises me that Republican congressmen use visual aids like this . It just seems to be contradicting their talking points essentially telling Obama to butt out and concentrate on foreign affairs , leaving domestic issues to Congress . But then they spend hours on the floor complaining about him negotiating with foreign leaders instead of acting as a liaison between Democrats and Republicans in Congress . I just wish Republicans would pick one or the other and run with it . Edit for grammar
Jesus Christ , she still exists ?
Obama is a center right moderate and he gets painted as a left wing radical . If they are going to call whoever we nominate a radical , why not actually nominate a real liberal ?
She 's not quiet , she 's not revolutionary , and she 's not going to run in 2016
Three questions:1 . Did their previous insurance provide access to `` Family Planning '' ? 2 . Does the benefits package for executives cover `` Family Planning '' ? 3 . Does a Multi National Corporation with headquarters in Pakistan have the right to place their American employees under Sharia law ? Inquiring minds want to know . I 'll believe corporations have a soul when one is given Last Rites just before Texas executes it .
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! HAHAHAHAHA ! HAHA ! HA ... Now I 'm sad because this will never happen : (
Yeah , but guys , Politifact said this was half-true . You just do n't understand the nuance . Serious you guys .
If the goal of economic policy since 1980 was to consolidate as much of the currency from the pockets of many into that of the few , job well fuckin done .
How can someone ban volunteers ? `` Hi , I 'm here to help out w/o asking for ANYTHING in return . `` `` Why do you want to do that ? `` `` Because I care about the less fortunate and want to make a difference . `` `` WRONG ANSWER BITCH , IT 'S TO GLORIFY GOD ! GET THE FUCK OUT ! ``
And we are all a bunch of young white males who are n't being inclusive enough .
You can still be first to leave a comment on that site .
Because the House can not vote on a bill unless the Speaker allows it , and Boehner and his compatriots have been planning this shutdown all year long . Why would they allow such a vote to take place until the country can be sufficiently damaged and he can start pointing fingers everywhere else ?
Guns have what the ACA does n't , point and click .
Why do I get the impression the tea party is nothing but a bunch of old racist white men who would rather bring the country down with them , than let president do his job ?
Funny , we 're in the same category as Canada , western Europe , Australia , and Japan despite the constant comparisons to them .
You have to be careful not to allow unqualified to vote . Since Florida has so much trouble with voter fraud , they should not allow anyone to vote . That would solve the problem . Can not be too careful .
But GOP members of Congress with their gun to the head of the American people making hostage demands will be paid during the shutdown . How is that fair ?
The truth is out of style
What 's sad is that trucking used to be a viable , respectable blue-collar career that would feed your family and provide dignity . Until deregulation , and Republican-led initiatives to fire-then-rehire as `` independent contractors '' made it a race-to-the-bottom , amphetamine-fueled class of serfdom . Yet these truckers blamed unions & amp ; demonized `` liberals '' , while rewarding their tormentors , for destroying their vocation as a desirable , honorable profession .
He used audacity
I saw you driving that car you filthy whore ...
I probably wont see you until after new years , so thats Christmas and new years , plural , im trying to say happy holidays to cover both . Sorry for starting a war on Christ
Hands off my medicore !
I believe nothing the Obama regime tells me , I believe a lot of what the Iranian one does .
What is there to manipulate , the two part system has both parties controlled by the same people .
So translation : `` We ca n't have atheists helping people , that totally undermines my desire to believe they 're all selfish and uncharitable ! ``
Gridlock is great when you are an oligarch operating under a corrupt tax scheme with all aspects of government locked in your favor and against the interests of 99 . 99 % of the population . The stupidity of these remaining poor tea party folks is stunning , holding a gun to their own heads to rob the nation blind for the likes of the Koch brothers .
I think just as tons of more `` liberal '' people have been twisting the Pope 's words for sensationalist headlines ( and then when corrected seem to blame anything or anyone other than their own initial misconception ) , this is also a pretty sensationalist headline from the other side . I think this article is slightly more honest than the NY Times or Huffington Post was ( not saying much ) , it still misses the point entirely . Vatican Headline : `` Pope : Lord save us from the subtle conspiracies of worldliness '' AsiaNews Headline : `` God save us from the `` hegemonic uniformity ” of the `` one line of thought '' , `` fruit of the spirit of the world that negotiates everything ” even faith '' Free Republic Headline : `` God save us from the `` hegemonic uniformity ” of the `` one line of thought '' ( Slams progressives ) '' The Gateway Pundit ( posted to r/Christianity ) : `` POPE FRANCIS Blasts Progressive Movement – “ The Fruit of the Devil ” '' And of course the latter will get more pageclicks , just like `` Pope Says Church Is ‘ Obsessed ’ With Gays , Abortion and Birth Control '' got way way more pageclicks than `` A Big Heart Open to God '' . Worldliness is the Spirit of the Devil . Some progressives consider any proverbial `` move forward '' as being more important than their own fidelity to the Faith . ( You can see this sometimes in other threads on r/Christianity -- '' the church needs to 'catch up ' to the rest of the culture on issue ! `` ) This is a product of worldliness .
Both these guys need a swift kick in the balls .
oh my sides ! , it feels so good to give them a big `` I told you so dumbass '' , then again this is now the law and I am frightened .
It is very simplistic to think it is just the money . It is more all that unconditional love and support that they are getting from US that enables them to behave like a spoiled child . It is all those . If they had to deal with their neighbors in a fair and civilized way ( as all the other countries in the world do ) , and in the absence of continuous US partial interference , they would be forced to reconcile and co-exist with them . The US unconditional love and support in the long-run is doing Israelis more harm than good , not mentioning the rest of region .
If only the polls had been unskewed in time , the 'real Americans ' would 've seen the plain , unvarnished truth and removed the Muslim Atheist Socialist Fascist Kenyan usurper from office . Twice .
One of us ! One of us !
yea , and some survived it .
But Rand Paul and Mitch McConnell said they were winning .
This is hardly Fox News ... ( I 'm here all week . )
Funny how religion needs to have a non-suicide clause in the first case . I guess the mom should have gone ahead and murdered the girl and then asked god for forgiveness . That 's legit by their twisted rules .
Well if they did n't want to die of hunger they should have worked harder when they were younger /republican .
There are already factories that convert co2 emissions into building materials : they 're called forests
Poll : Americans Do n't Want Republicans or Democrats In Control Of Congress .
Hawaii is Kenya now .
Christian American Patriots Militia - so Nazi brown shirts then .
That 's because Republicans do n't want poor people to vote . Those cheeky bastards .
`` They never ask these questions to Jews or Christians . `` Oh the martyrdom .
& gt ; “ Selling some of your unwanted possessions on eBay or Craigslist could bring in some quick cash . ” The content of the article does n't match the title of the article . It 's like i 'm reading /r/conservative
& gt ; ~~Cross country organisers force US teen out of a race by assigning her the number 666~~US teen voluntarily drops out of race due to irrational religious objection to the number 666 . FTFY
Because then there would n't be any gurus .
& gt ; The Democratic National Committee has actually purchased the domain for YourRepublicanUncle . comstereotype much ?
`` Repeal Obamacare or we start killing kittens . `` - the GOP 's next bright idea
I thought this was r/firstworldanarchists with the favorite color being coke cola
False equivalence : `` I 'm right , you 're wrong . Now that we 've established that as the basis of discussion , we can progress as equals. ``
Ca n't argue with that logic
Yes , keep running that interference ...
Well , you know , when you 're right about everything why bother listening ?
Hey , in his defense the original constitution had no problem with slavery and put women in a lower social class . Sounds biblical to me ...
Agreed , I thought that was some of the change Obama was hawking . Instead he mandated that we buy insurance from his campaign contributors . Guess the guy likes to be president more than helping his country . He did n't say it was going to be change for the better though .
THE EMPEROR HAS NO CLOTHES !
Oh look , a right-wing blowhard is talking out his ass . Must be a day that ends in `` y '' .
Ahhh yes , the ol ' he 's such an eloquent and learned speaker on issues of belief , religion and theism as well as being a noted scientist , this only confirms my belief that this averred non-believer who has repeatedly argued against silly beliefs is actually a believer . If you can believe that .
she needs to take a dirt nap soon ..
Yes , I found this article pretty interesting . Not at all reactionary .
What next Harvey Milk ended homophobia ?
well , your calender compactor belongs in the trash compactor .
I 'm glad they did n't go on and on about that old myth we do n't eat babies .
I 've given up on most national media outlets . I stick to my local newspaper for the most part now . Too much bipartisan cock sucking and smearing from both sides .
Well one can ensure that you and your family are protected while the other is just a silly healthcare law : P
Heaven forbid that those kids might be allowed to actually think for themselves .
A smart guy like Bill Nye should know the moon is made of glowy stuff .
Unicorn populations are out of control and causing habitat destruction for Bigfeets .
Destroy the federal government but keep your hands off my Medicare !
No she will not look back . It is almost impossible for people like her to examine there lives and see the errors and mistakes they have made . She is a true believer and thinks of herself as god 's vessel . If she is wrong , then her god is wrong . Michele will go to her grave thinking she did her god 's will . The overwhelming evidence that the world rejects her ideas only servers as proof , to her , of righteousness . She is a sad delusional old woman who should have never been given power over anything more sentient than a goldfish .
Legitimate criticism of Israel is 1 ) Seen as anti-semitism and 2 ) never legitimate because poor Israel has the whole world against them and they just want to live peacefully in the holy land . Fuck Israel , the warmongers .
Cry me a river , OP . I 'm thrilled that ENDA passed and fundies ca n't be discriminatory bigots in the workplace any longer .
Abort all the things !
It wants to keep the drug companies healthy . Why cure when you can treat with medicine for the rest of ones life and get revenue all along the way . That teamed with the bureaucracy and snails pace of advances sums it up .
And to think that people actually believe that the TV series 'Continuum ' is based on fiction ...
I wish there were a way to find out how many voters for and against were high at the time they voted .
No . The drug wars havent murdered all of the Mexicans yet . We need to hit at least 900k , the last 100k is free ! Bonus points if we can double our guns and munitions exports down there first too ! Besides , legal marijuana money has to go to shitty government services like schools and medicaid . If we put people into private prisons we can allow our glorious leaders to benefit from the prisons directly ! I just do n't think you get it . Putting other people in prison and killing brown people means your freedom is even more valuable ! Yaaaaay ! ! ! ! Also , all of the experience in urban warfare will be useful when America begins its glorious domestic war against hackers and freedom hating protestor types .
Your tax dollars at work .
Facts do n't matter to conservatives
Go back to the leftist threads , your kind is not welcome here .
Keep attacking the one world leader who stands up to fags , guys . Whoever said conservatives are their own worst enemies ?
Takers come in all forms . Vets . Welfare queens . Widows . People who own COLOR TV 's . Orphans . /s
Why would they ?
Yes . Just fucking yes . Plus , if anyone criticizes her we can just call them sexist . Its perfect .
He 's anti-Midas . Everything he touches turns into shit . At least he is upfront with it .
Well , with the help of liquid nitrogen - maybe .
Anybody else find it hilarious this came from the guardian and not an American based news source ? Gee I ca n't imagine why ...
Happened when Rusty Venture slept with his teen fan club president .
Poor Lindsey , go pickup some tissues and a bucket of ice cream and head over to John McCain 's house , I hear he 's pretty down in the dumps himself .
Is the island really sinking , or is the sea level rising around it ?
The god they are worshipping is n't Father , Son and Holy Spirit , it 's Mammon .
If you concentrate , you can hear the BLEHHHHH STATES RIGHTS bleating from pro-life bloggers .
`` The wages of sin is AAAUGGGHHHH ! `` -- Robert Short , The Gospel According to Peanuts
Ha ! Gaaaayyyy
In truth this has nothing to do with lobbying or cynical politics . The uniforms created 8 years ago were horribly designed . They universally stood out in every environment . Supposedly the army did their extensive testing on colors and patterns to arrive at good uniform . But then some top brass ordered them to use the marine digicam pattern ( because it 's cool and good for recruitment presumably ) but to keep the new army colors . Colors need to be designed specific to a pattern , hence the most ineffective cam since the British invaded ( ok , slight overstatement ) . This time I hope they do it right . This is a great story about wasteful spending , but not so much about corruption .
In his letter of resignation , he said he wishied to spend more quality time with his klan .
I love how they show the pictures of the items they are talking about . You know , instead of just using visually entertaining stock images that are vaguely related .
Damn Ted , you must think gods a pussy .
Religions ai n't over 'til the magic brownies say so .
Unmarried sex is only bad if the female has an orgasm , because women are sinful vile things who do n't deserve enjoyment .
The joke is that there might be more innovative people . After all , real genuises have tended not to be so interested in money as they are so overwhelmingly interested in their work . Did Mozart or Einstein need a ton of money ? Did they cry about not having three swimming pools and multiple Porches ? What if we were actually closing off the very best talent or simply ignoring it ?
& gt ; When her group [ the Oklahoma Coalition for Reproductive Justice ] began lobbying against a Personhood bill by saying it would restrict in-vitro fertilization , or IVF , a legislator who planned to vote for it , said : “ Sorry , what ’ s IVF ? ” Why do American voters allow morons to govern America ? ( And no , I 'm trying really really hard not to just leap to the obvious conclusion . )
It 's sad that low-information liberals do n't get the idea that stand your ground is the means for poor people to protect themselves from others attempting to bully them . Stand your ground means you do n't have to turn your back on a threat , which is often the worst thing you can do . Having to be forced in the time of danger to try to determine if your back is truly against the wall ( figuratively ) in the face of a threat . If the situation between the black young man and a Hispanic guy were switched , and the hispanic was driving the black guy 's head into the asphalt for no reason other than his own rage , the vast majority of America would support the black man using lethal force to save his own life . If you are n't in favor of stand your ground , you 're either ignorant or you 've got a gun control agenda .
And right after this . Obama was able to pick them out in a crowd of people , diagnose the issue as not serious from the stage , and then get them some water . How could anyone not love such a compassionate and caring leader ?
It 's important here to remember the words of Jesus when he said `` Let the little children come to me , and do not hinder them , for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these , until they make too much noise and then you can stare at their parents until they feel so awkward and ashamed and feel like they need to apologise for their children , and then they take their kids to a separate room. ``
This open-minded academic nailed it right on the head
Does it comes in agp ?
Ouch . Do n't hold back , tell us how you really feel .
Well at least you 're honest . Unfortunately , paying for things is kind of expected . Definitely not as much as what they 're asking , but no money means no Game of Thrones for us to pirate . I prefer taking a moral middle ground -- I look on what streaming services I have available in Canada , and if it 's not there ... Then yes , there 's that wonderful Swedish site everyone loves . Which of course means I 'm pretty much always going Swedish . Or using region unblockers . Thanks , content distributors , for ignoring everyone outside of the US !
Congratulations on your successful surgery , praise God ! Also , you have enough beard to shame an Orthodox priest .
Next up on Fox News : Is the Pope instigating class warfare ?
In other news , apples 40 times more popular than oranges .
Yeah , yeah , yeah , but if I dare bitch about buhraaack between bites of my turkey drumstick I 'm right back in the KKK again as far as the libtards are concerned .
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA-wait ... are you serious ?
Would they take it back ?
Now if only this could show the millions of people who will stay wallowed in poverty because the train ca n't go faster .
Apparently , liberals are all for regulation as long as it does n't interfere with their ability to kill the shit out of some fetus . Heaven forbid we try to increase regulations on abortions . No , no , no . We ca n't have that .
Bachmann is nothing if not persistent , her pigheaded refusal to accept facts and give up her delusions border on a personality disorder .
Blame the veil covering all their peripheral vision .
I 'm going to use this comment without giving credit to you .
Utah : Our Jesus can beat up your Jesus . Can I get `` In Javier Morales We Trust ''
I prefer it ! I 'm a Texan and a while back I had a HORRIBLE kidney stone but I did n't know what it was because I had never had one before , I went to the ER in EXCRUCIATING pain and they treated me wonderfully ! I got three , count 'em baby three , shots of morphine through an IV , that is an experience I have never had before but enjoyed and would recommend ! Then I left with a handful of prescriptions after a CT scan ( is that right ? Some kind of scan ! ) and went home and was high as a kite for a few days and then it passed and we were all good again . Woo ! So then the bill comes and it 's $ 8000 ! So at first I was all like `` woah , shit '' so I called and complained because while in the ER I had specifically ask , repeatedly , how much the scan would cost and had repeatedly had my question refused to be answered by the doctors , nurses , radiologists ( or whatever they 're called ) and even the lady who came in to get my personal info and ask me for a credit card to pay `` as much as I could afford right now '' ( I authorized 50 $ because she would n't explain to me what exactly it was I was paying for `` right now '' and I finally decided they just wanted a card on file ) . Sooo when the bill comes the scan ALONE was 6000 bucks , just the scan , the entire rest of my treatment was only 2000 which I would probably have paid gladly after the wonderful care I got ( and I knew I was uninsured going into this and I knew ERs are expensive and at the time I was in HORRIBLE pain and scared shitless by it so I did n't care ) . I made my choices and would live with them but 6 grand for JUST THE SCAN ? That seemed unreasonable to me and I also found out later that scans like that are n't necessary for kidney stones and often are n't done unless you 're peeing blood , so wtf ? So this is where the fun starts , I called to complain about this scan cost , I was quite clear that I would pay a reasonable about for my care and was happy with my care but I could n't afford 8000 total and that 6k for the scan was nuts , so they ask me to fill out some paperwork to see if I qualified for `` financial relief '' from my bill . I explained again that I did n't want charity , I just wanted a reasonable bill ( and BTW , 2000 for the three shots of morhpine and the 10 minutes the doctor spent with me seems a little out of whack too , 800 of that is called an `` ER fee '' and is apparently a charge you get just for walking into the ER regardless of what happens next , but hey they took good care of me and I do n't know what the fuck morphine costs ) . Anyway the only option I had was to file for the charitable relief , well ya see I am currently a `` stay at home uncle '' my brother abandoned his two kids with our mom , she ca n't afford day care ( you would not fucking believe how expensive day care is ) and since I made less money than she does , I become the stay at home parent . We all live together now , she pays the bills and I take care of the kids . It was weird at first but it 's actually kinda rewarding and fun now ( most of the time ) . So technically I 'm single with no income and have been for about a year and a half now and my tax returns reflect that . Actually do have some income for contract IT work with people who knew me before I quit , it 's all under the table though . Soooo I got FULL relief . I actually have some money and my mother actually makes `` ok '' money and we were willing to pay a reasonable amount for the bill ( my hope was to reduce it by half to 4k and pay it out over time , lower is better of course but I had braced myself to accept 4 grand if I could negotiate hard enough to get there ) . Instead I paid 0 $ . And I learned a valuable lesson , if it looks like you have no money you can go to the ER for freeeeee ! Wee ! So suck it tax payers I ripped you off for 8000 bucks and I have three pain pills left over for a rainy day ! Now stupid Obamacare is going to make me pay for my own insurance : ( boooo That 's going to be like 70 $ a month . EVERY month ! You even have to pay in December ! Come on government , it 's baby Jesus birthday , fucking dicks .
Drive-thru abortions are next . I 've driven half-way across the state to see a specialist . If it really is their choice to have the abortion then this should n't hinder them .
Moore is a big supporter of Veterans . He runs an organization that focuses on getting Veterans jobs when they come home . He is simply pointing out the hypocrisy of the vapid `` Support our troops '' types that actually do n't do a fucking thing to support our troops , and do n't even realize how bad off a lot of Veterans are when they come home . Here is an op-ed he wrote that explains his position pretty well : P. S. If you actually thought he was celebrating suicides of Veterans , you are probably mentally challenged .
The pope is meeting a cruel dictator . Likely wo n't address his cruel dictatorship . Boo . At least he is n't blessing Rebecca Kadaga like the last pope .
Fav moment in Sepp Blatter vid ( 0:20 ) : `` We have to clean here first . This has nothing to do with football . ''
Just found this while walking my human .... Detroit
'Disrespected the wife of Prophet ' - pseudo libtards playing the blasphemy card
Do you know that super yeay satisfying feeling when you get to say exactly what you wanted to say in just 140 characters life goals
If you 're going to call someone ignorant and stupid on social media , can you at least spell it right ?
Tune in to Nigezie and be treated to Rachel Platten 's Fight Song , move to MTV and get Reminisce & amp ; Olamide 's Local Rapper TimesChange
Looking forward to next week and stepping away from flash effects ... And doing Quicksilver
Get to work to realize oatmeal packet I grabbed was 'Dino-oatmeal ' - monday
Two recent tweets on sexism have been favorited by Twitter accounts that just send out pictures of half-naked women
waise what blocking means to nida is awesome if u remember ! ! Haha . Any larka wud love to be blocked
He has stated he wants to 'destroy the IS Caliphate ' ; given the way he is destroying the NHS , it might be on the cards
'We should n't demonise the Muslim community ' .. but we are . 'we believe in freedom of speech ' but we will shut you down CameronsSpeech
Please we need more Captain America , its so good ! marvel milkthatcow
Maybe it 's just me , but I 'm sure that 's not six words .... 😝 typicalteacher
this is an actual sign in parking lot of a local AA meeting . Can you guess which way ? addiction alcoholism
The first and last shot I got of several hundred Taiwanese teas before someone said nophotos .
Head lines autocorrect copywriting proofreading SaudiArabia subediting typo UN
is the 40 % taxes McClean pays on his 40k a week funds what he turns his back on
`` This is nothing to do with football '' says Blatter , after fake money is thrown at him ! Oh the irony ! ! FIFA ironic
I hate Harry Potter harrypotter PotterHead TATTOOFAIL FollowMe
sleep pills upon sleep pills and still ca n't sleep .
Democracy killed all hope for progress . elections supplant revolt . The dream is dead . liberty tlot
I think many ppl Mr.badass included is confusing the character with the man . So I guess media did in fact brain wash him .
BajrangiBhaijaan 1st movie to watch with my motherinlaw happy she shares her birth date with SalmanKhan : )
The very reasons BJP420 did n't let parliament function for nearly 2 terms are reasons opposition is being bedevilled now .
This from a show that 's all about time pressure . HouseRules
Repost article : : [ big fright yesterday , today ] ExtremeSports surf
Sporting new Tervis from Jim Beam Stillhouse for my 1st physical therapy session
South Carolina top cop helps white supremacist suffering from heat during KKK rally greatness
Looks like my PR textbook could have used a copy editor . EatonCentre DoubleFatalError
I just looked up some ex girlfriends on Facebook to say to a friend , `` Imagine if I married her '' and they 've unfriended me . Rude !
slams 4 McCain comments when he 's said worse to our vets . TellingItLikeItIs
Georgia telling someone to calm down ? ! ? ! MasterChefAU
The is so thick you could choke on it 😉
Clarko calling for a stricter interpretation of the rushed behind rule . 2008GF OnTheCouch
jb pesy nai thy there was a long ThingsToDo list and now when i 've Eidi tou koi b cheez yaad nai aa rai except Spectacles : s
President Should give his Resignation . : -D : -D : -D
Camp craft was fun , but now I - a woman who never paints her nails - have 15 bottles of bright-colored nail polish .
Cameron tells ITV News he will take 10 % pay rise : `` The right thing to do is to be paid the rate for the job '' GPNoDeal nhs
Cameron no you 're right we should n't demonise communties , we should just spy on them & amp ; consider them extremists from childhood
AFT thought was dropping ccs but keeping
We select our representatives to find solutions and they go and fight over it in Parliament . ANd not allow laws to be passed
. No tax on effective charitable work . Otherwise , amen .
when you got the best view and the worst feeling at the same time 🌐🇵🇭 blue sky leaving…
MurphysLaw Life Love this quote
Relying on the Human Rights Act , despite their opposition to the law and their calls for it to be repealed .
That double-take moment when you 're travelling at the speed limit and a speed camera van rockets past you . OneRuleForThem
CEO makes fun of guy for wearing a shirt from Sears while wearing his best from the Trump line at Macy 's .
SeppBlatter says loads of cash has nothing to do with football FIFA leenelson
I made myself a vegan dinner treat and now it 's time to catch up with Hannibal season 3 !
it 's in the top foo .. I mean haggen parking lot .
I swear best food in town hates americans .
The rebel flag goes down . The Cuban flag goes up . Confederacy communism castro cubanembassy
I 'm such a lucky ducky . 🐤 noduckyemoji unlucky
McGuinness SF calling people terrorists when you 've a poppy on your a display picture . terrorist
arrested for throwing fake $ $ s at Blatter . If he 'd thrown real ones , he might have got a position in Fifa !
Cameron will probably set up a forum challenging extremism by those who cause extremism
I wonder if the Ashley Madison hackers have any info on how many members are against gay marriage because they 're devote Christians ?
By trying one reason i ca n't bed a prostitute ..... hw can i put my trust on rubber ?
Discussing security ... IETF93
Same station , same bus line , same vending machine , but a little sweeter 😉 SignMyCokeBottle
The ONLY funny thing about this gif is Blatter appears to cower at the thought of being showered with money
. ie complain about claiming Irish golfer as Brit but claim surfer as 'Irish-Australian '
When you want to be visible , you 're invisible . When you want to be invisble , your visble . GrowingUpShy
As just pointed out to me off-air , Bowlsby refuses to call student-athletes `` employees '' but presidents are `` CEOs . ''
miller08 Also easily wiped out by other practices ( particularly by heavy focus on grades )
Our first beer in Melbourne was fosters . Are we doing Australia right ? straya isthisiconic
Postfeminism explained—by Sex Race
How Many Of These Car TV Shows Do You Watch ? via
@ AQpk Indian-occupied ? According to u wht constitutes `` Indian '' ? I thought u belived India is jst amalgamtion of diff identities !
and intolerant views on Islamism lead to what ?
A scientist reads buddha and is now in search of a `` perfect '' balance .
All I see is trump `` photo op '' pics ! 😬
An elitist over-privileged free market fundamentalist who went to a school where he was told he was born to rule ?
Always saying that time needs to slow down but always wanting it to hurry up at the same time come on Wednesday 😎
Good morning ! And you were on your way to work to make a few bucks ! Ha ! Hope you had a steamy hot golf filled weekend .
Kick the 'new Jim Crow ' out the door - Chicago Tribune
Stunning photo showing how renewables are saving nature , environment and the planet . Thank you , !
Trump may want to site McCain signing the Corker Bill next time subject comes up
in the tradition of my enemy 's enemy is my friend , does ISIS therefore support the state of Israel ?
But did n't you commit adultery with Mary while she was married to Joseph ? 😆
Meanwhile Alex 's banner is of a protest which jeopardised my physical safety nusnec StudentsAgainstNUS
Since his tweet is expressed with words , shall it too me mistrusted ? : - )
A highlight of Warped Tour funny shirt warpedtour goodtimes
Oh , this film is falling apart quickly . LifeAfterBeth
Have seen a few examples in this FB `` controversy '' of white male poets refusing to listen when it comes to diversity
How can y'all marches and protests when a white cop kills a black kid , but y'all have a no snitching policy in ya own hood ?
It looks like broke it 's promise of discretion for their cheating customer 's . Karma
Ouch , that was sad ! Go Rangers
... says the person typing in shorthand and emoji .
When they finally came to air ..... At least Cash Wars was n't missed ! ! ! ! bbc
is bitching about new Cuba/USA diplomatic relations writing speeches against it in the computer made in communist China .
The freedom we give up to express freedom
People who take slefies while having Shesha think they are looking cool .
Ca n't trust a website that caters to cheaters . ( Ashley Madison ) justice potkettleblack
Oh the is strong in this one ... effed and wreked ; ) . karma
Just got told to slow down for walking to fast in a store by an obese lady in a powerchair . LOL
Getting health advice from NBC 's .... as I eat strawberry cake . 2015NACW
Head lines autocorrect copywriting proofreading SaudiArabia subediting typo UN
Re-subbed to Spotify Premium . Got over the price . The quality and no ads is worth it . Spotify
The reporter of that needless hit-piece was exposed to a traumatizing experience online ? ? ? Oh My ..... irony
So God 's way is someone who does n't ask for God 's forgiveness ?
email reponse to my complaint then email me today to review the blooming product useless
when you order a lucina amiibo and they send you a marth one
Donald Trump is getting a taste of political correctness from the GOP .
37 million cheating spouses exposed by Ashley Madison DataBreach…wait for it…hackers breach on moral grounds
Website For Cheating Spouses Hacked , 37M Users ’ Data At Risk poetic justice uhavebeenwarned
Running in my Nike FreeRuns ended up giving me PlantarFasciitis . I was then told they were the worst shoe to run in .
Got ta love that Blatter says his next job will be in radio , a dying medium that was built on payola , just like Sepp FIFA
It seems do n't do
AmericaOnPoint , because we need a more reactionary foreign policy . Who cares about `` nuance '' ? What 's `` strategy '' anyway ? Bombs away !
As I was reading about Blake and Miranda She would n't be gone came on .
Using our `` healthy oreos '' for a not so healthy treat ; )
Working out while listening to & amp ; as the TV next to me is tuned to TBN . GetTheeBehindMe
Hurrah for opposition peers in the Lords , actually doing some opposing .
claiming that some might say they are “ the last truly secure place on the internet ” ROFLcopter
Trying to watch a documentary about landing ppl on Mars , but TV signal keeps breaking up
Amazing to read countless articles written by supposed 'experts ' who claim that Western policy in the Middle East makes sense .
I love that Charleston Newspaper management is n't responding to questions .
A mate of mine says he ca n't find any time to meet me today because he has back to back Agile meetings .
Microsoft Apparently Wants Windows10 Cortana To Be Fluent In British Humor including & amp ;
Move on pleaseNothing to see hereirony
Sad but funny . What an !
File this under `` graphic design crimes against humanity '' graphicdesign logodesign
their members just wo n't know who to trust anymore ..
A Blake Shelton song goes off and a Miranda Lambert song comes on . At least the radio tried to keep them together .
is a bathroom door you have to pull to open after you 've used the touch-free faucet , soap dispenser and hand dryer .
Users of AshleyMedison site must feel so betrayed karma
Gawker editors resigning due to violation of their `` principles. '' ... LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL ! SelfParody Gawker FauxJournalism
The folks at AshleyMadison now know the heartbreak of betrayal .
Always remember that you are absolutely unique . Just like everyone else .
This lady on youtube wants to say we should take the fight to ISIS full force , right after stating her grandpa served in Vietnam
Last paragraph of a 3 page description on the principles of `` Liberating Structures '' urges not to use jargon .
Ashley Madison users must feel so deceived right now . Imagine having your trust broken like that !
has no-one at NCFC realised all 3 kits are yellow and green ? ?
So Ryback gets a staph infection last week & amp ; gets treated asap . I 'm sure CM Punk would be pleased to know that
Spursgirl It might be an ounce of in 's first tweet .
37 million people pursuing infidelity . I wonder how many of them believe LGBT threatens the sanctity of marriageirony
Live , laugh and EAT ! goodnight
So it 's not okay for outsiders to judge the family but different rules applied for Chef Wan ? TypicalMalay
Then why not shoot at this lil ' bugger stalking me ? wildstar mmo pet octopus
Ordered the Cod Dinner .. Never had it before .. I 'm going to just enjoy the obvious of my order number
Grind mode engaged thanks to some help I 'm back on my dome godneverleftme i wo n't kill you manolo shoot that piece of
this is what you call `` value for money '' , spending your tax payers ' money efficiently
Your cheatin ' heart will tell on you ... says Hank Williams Jr & amp ; The Impact Team ashleymadison
BOMBBOMBOMBBOMBOMB IRANNOW HE 'S STEALIN MCCAIN 'S SCHTICK
I have to finish what I started must be on vine
Slater good call ! The scarecrow just commented on the rotten apples
I find it ironic when Vegans say they love food
my mom came visit me ... I can always count on her when I want to feel good about myself , such a confidence buster ! fml
yep , keep adding me to your devops lists .... justsaying infosec
Hahah said he was here to stop another one of SethRollins boring monologue JohnCena monologues been the same for ever ...
Took cat to vet , went well . Surprisingly did n't scratch the vet , which makes the wee anole the only pet I 've had that attacked a vet
My road rage voice was comparable to a Chinese teenager just now ... WhyYouGoSlow
It is actually Weathers ( with an `` s '' ) ... and yes i IS my real last name .
You loose yourself when looking after everyone else & amp ; then you loose everyone when looking after yourself WTF ? empowerment
《Then they blocked me.Irony
loool 😂 but you just have to keep smiling all the way through ... graduation & amp ; I do n't like that hat 😂
it was a civil rights lawyer and his son . The son recorded what you saw in the video .
I like grapes and I like wine but I do n't like grapes that taste like wine .
Crowded hallways are the loneliest places
Azure portal for IE does n't recognize my login ... but access it through Chrome I get right in
You say , via twitter .
“ : Cheating website Ashley Madison hacked , personal info posted :
So I 'm planning music for tonight 's mass and the reading is about Pharaoh 's army . I think I 'll lead with `` Come To The Water '' . clever
And yet they mock with magic money trees & amp ; illiterate economics .
Wow . Karma really does have a way of coming back at people poeticjustice
Yes We saw the size of THAT CFMEU official.TURC funny thing is it ended up being a small discrepancy in spacing . Oh the Springst
WelfareBill not being apposed , looks like the NHS & amp ; social care are going to get a whole lot busier ! ! Q24/7 NHS ! ! ImInWorkJeremy
GOP lawmakers decry `` special interests '' while literally standing with ... the Koch Bros. cantmakethisup
libs ca n't understand the IronyLibHypocrisy razor
The most judgmental people I know are also the shadiest
Females out bein ' messy , but want a guy whose not lol .
literature is about comedy is pointing out irony.quotes quotesmotivation writers QuotesOfTheDay writing
I 'm preeeeetttyyy sure that `` Respect the Red Light '' is about traffic laws . bikesafety visionzero whatever
Frantically downloading True Detective illegally pre flight home
it ai n't working washthetrains
Before I get all kumbayah , I 'd like to point out God or FSM do n't like ugly.takeitdownirony
Should I be the first of my friends to `` like '' the MySpace app on Facebook ? SorryTom…
I 've never been so excited and scared at the same time in my life
I sent my buddy a Tony Romo signed football for his birthday . He told me that it went to the wrong house.irony dallascowboys tonyromo
Had to settle for blue ice cream and a run in the rain ! Lol .
is it sad to be stoked to see a girl that repeatedly says she does n't want to date me ? dating wtf
So r u gon na rail against MayweatherBerto since Berto is an ACTUAL cheater ? Or will u exhibit more fake journalism ?
old track from 6 years ago the I sampled lol kanyewest music production…
The day I find out I may get a B in tax class is the day 2 CPA firms follow me .
It ai n't working . trainsarefilthy
Dear anal ettiquette wanker nitpicking on other peoples ' behaviour , `` brung '' is not a word abcnewsbreakfast
Head lines autocorrect copywriting proofreading SaudiArabia subediting typo UN
yes but your the weatherman . So your lucky to have a thunderously cool last name ...
Kora and I were literally just in a green bush in Greenbush
When you want to make a vine about how you never clean but you ca n't find the broom ...
Head lines autocorrect copywriting proofreading SaudiArabia subediting typo UN
Does n't this tweet negate that ?
`` Staying married was the only way to work your problems out . '' Miranda Lambert .
Head lines autocorrect copywriting proofreading SaudiArabia subediting typo UN
I sure hope this is the divorce dinner ... I 'm so done with Shannon and I feel badly for David ! sympathyforcheater RHOC misery
Swill are they called germs in your world ? We say gentlemen in my world .
Premier MYKI DeSal EWLinkCompo tells that govt 's should n't waste money . springst
realLibrary you made the chive just a few years behind
I think that is Saturday with his bobble head actually
Currently listening to this ... how ironic . adult anxietyalways electro synthpop vinyl 2003
University of Winnipeg plans to demolish 1930s heritage hotel to establish urban studies centre ?
Imagine Black Widow , fearsome femme fatale — but afraid of spiders .
Juice fasts are n't fast at all . Time is standing still .
The of Homophobia
Writing a ballad ... and then suddenly there 's a mariachi band outside my window .
Cena monologues been the same boring shit for the last 10 years howironic
Well that 's an unfortunate name for a customerservice rep at amazon pita
Greatest ever ? A Colombian buying Mexican sweet breads at a Mexican bakery that 's playing Colombian music on IndependenciaDeColombia
carhumor : No Shortcuts shortcut trucks
MeTV just used Fonzie jumping the shark to promote Happy Days .
When you throw out 5lbs of flash card that were for AP Environmental Science
Everyone 's trying so hard to avoid being basic that they do n't realize that that 's what they 're becoming
We track satellites and spacejunk with ground based radar . WW2technology NextGen
When your boyfriend 's a pilot but ca n't fly to see you : ( ( 1monthdown 10daystogo
Lin Check the context of the original tweet before commenting . humour
While oil leaks our Canadian Premiers push for the expansion of pipelines . canpoli climatechange
Omg my new portable charger charges my phone faster than my comp and an outlet put together 😂😂😂
. Strange that that LOVES war so much can only field 2 military candidates in a field of 15 or whatever .
owning a mobile phone is of more importance then having toilet . again unmistakable .
Went to bed wearing my `` keep calm and kill zombies '' shirt and had a dream about zombies go figure .
... because of her talent and humility . InfamousGrammaticalErrors
if you love language beauty laughter singularities then the Quartet is for you : not for conformists or punitive moralists
Want this shirt . lgbt gay
Sun TV is complaining that Govt . is partial to Reliance when they were enjoying full support of I & amp ; B when Dayanidhi was in power .
- fights for equality , while being a racist lowselfworth ashamedtobeblack
Jordan welcomes me with a bleeding nose 😂
Learn about copyright from a company who uses the facebook-f as their logo :
Tennessee gunman thought ISIS was stupid and acted even more dumber than them . Talk about an
Cash thrown at Blatter This has nothing to do with Football . Blatter RT
Listening to a talk about design and brand experience . The slide deck is funny ... This was one of the slides .
Here 's another take on it . Yes , that it 's in the form of a tweet.climatechange FeelTheBern
Pt with the last name Joy , followed by a pt with the last name Dick . If their names had been switched , it would have been perfect
The toilet paper that is doing all it can to get rid of your human rights . Is using them to defend its hacks
Are you engages in good fashion ? japan fashion ootd engrish
Kyle Brofloski : `` We 're trying to stop them from watching murder porn ! ! ! ! `` Me : changes channel to Law and Order : SVUsouthpark
so u support to those people who wave Pakistan flag in India .
Ironic , oops 😏 ironic greentea timhortons canada starbucks tea teatox swag fun…
.Huh . A challenge to remove books that are about saving books .
Irony : 's show is called far from finished ... finished
So annoyed that I walk into Musgrave nd it 's empty nd no1 attended me until when I was walking out NoGoZone NotMyDay
The klit is getting licked October 24th . Tyson fury to wlad it 's also my birthday word
HAHA says a NEWSPAPER will 'do anything for a headline ' ? ? ? ? OMG
I just ran 52 % up and down the Las Vegas Strip to Rock It Science by on !
Sell High and Buy Cheap , Lol , So does the guy you 're buying from
Inspired by Pellizza da Volpedo `` Memory of Sorrow '' art oilpainting pellizzadavolpedo modernlife portrait
But the most creative ad campaigns are money makers for Agencies who win awards , bill huge $ $ yet make little back for the client .
And on another news , has so many weird followers it looks like they bought followers . Which is impossible . Right ?
Teachers get six weeks holiday . day2 iswearthisisgettingworseandnotanybetter
ThatAwkardMomentWhen you see someone power walking for exercise while simultaneously smoking a cigarette OrNah
Great start of the day .
In the land of Buddha , these days you ca n't chose the middle path . Either you are pro-Modi or anti-Modi
Survives a wk on a cruise ( AKA floating petri dish ) then returns to a potentially MRSA-filled studio .
Sure ! Do n't believe everything you read ? @ The Sky Garden
Instead of dealing with the roots of a problem , Turkish authorities rather prefer to ban any form of expression aftermath of an event
`` Atheism exists w/o evidence and proof '' Like God.Irony
fan not getting involved but just wanted to point out it 's `` smarter '' not `` more smarter '' .
What are online peeps doing these days ? I feel disconnected with online . Been busy with IRL
From photos , it looks like Beats1 runs Wide Orbit , software formerly known as Google Radio Automation . Runs under Windows .
`` libertarians '' want govt to force their pro-British history curriculum on students . auspol
people who grow food for the country ie : the farmers , they need food security.irony
We 're spending millions of dollars to find alien life and yet we ca n't even protect the life we have here on Earth . science
“ : part 2 : Liberals more likely to value teaching tolerance . Via Pew .
is having to use a HEALTH card to buy cigarettes from a machine : - ) LoveItaly
Ladbrokes on talking about giving people mental health advice ! They 're the cause of mental stress !
dingler people can only see post on a electronic device📱💻
those who glorify eye-teasing in movies , come out to the streets to protest against sexual harassment.irony
Blacks are the most imitated race , yet the least respected and appreciated at the same time racism black african imitating huh
we blame the traffic without realizing that `` we are the traffic '' irony is unmistakable .
Oh , the irony . `` Google Is Hiring An SEO Manager To Improve Its Rankings In Google '' via google
When you are subjected to PAS only the bad stuff gets amplified of ironies
those hardworking men who build our homes , flats , apartments are homeless themselves . : )
would be doubled when he would show its dance steps as well : P
WG old songs are the best : DD NP : tellme sohot oh Sohee OMONA ♡ criesinthecorner missedthis classic sohee & amp ; sunye hwaiting ^ ^
2/2 Crazy George taught electronics @ my Silicon Valley HS & amp ; led The Wave @ pep rallies . The school discontinued electronics in 1975 .
Ok… Did n't know that generating client side dynamic PDF 's was this fun…
Bought myself a set of rings .. 😂Today of all days midirings
Last night I Ordered a pizza while studying `` obesity '' .
Your whole life as a man you try to be a player . Than one woman comes that you decide to change for . Then she does n't want you .
There 's nothing there .
I think my job is causing anxiety
Hackers tried a DoS attack on my site following videos of paradise . They should have known it 's powered off Green energy .
when you hate drivers when running and you hate pedestrians when driving .
I need shears , open the new shears that I bought at Sam 's , to replace my broken shears .... ?
Agent dredges upLong-lost Charlotte 's Web SequelFern , now old , eats ham . RareNonSportsHaiku gotellawatchman
Working at the gym all day.Pro - I can workout whenever.Con - Fit my workout in.crossfitproblems getitdone goals girlswholift
people who call me crazy are usually some of the most brainwashed addicted to propaganda narratives
There is a wasp in my studio while I 'm painting to BumbleBee by . I 'm not enjoying the
John Lamont ( labour whip ) telling the SNP to do their elected role labour are n't doing theirs
Huh . sends a lot of `` we really care ! '' emails , yet does n't reply to customer service inquiries about the lack of shipment ...
those who risk their life for electricity , struggle to have it at their own home.irony
The same people crying about the Benteke deal not being announced yet are the same people that did n't want him to sign 😂
U r fighting for KP more than he himself does ; - ) irony
What an DeshPremeeBiri being manufactured by DawoodIbrahim ItHappensOnlyInIndia India
half of the country struggling to lose weight . yet half is starving.irony
Ashley Madison , a Dating Website , Says Hackers May Have Data on Millions -
So , you 're being condescending to me because of how `` young '' I am , yet it turns out I 'm 6 years older than you .
listening to Michael Jackson reminds me of a fairly happy adolescence
Been digging this jam lately OldDominion BreakUpWithHim
To Liberals who care so much about Corporations and profits ppsellsbabyparts and are funded by the United States Government
When you think you wannabe creative you can never become one .. 😊😤
Just when we thought we free from segregation .. We get boxed by Eskom
Part of me actually hopes Taylor collaborates with Kanye at the VMAs . characterdevelopment
Got ta let u in on what u missed out on 😊😊😊💯
tap on it Donkey the full picture is there . Oh and that 's not either . A bright Tory . Not !
This is rich ! ! ! You silence babies via abortion .
well most ppl read Murakami for exactly that reason - that everyone else is reading him : D
That moment when you 're trying to Swype `` duck '' and your phone picks it up as `` fck '' .
My psychiatrist checked on me before I graduated and she told me when she met me 3 years ago , I changed her life .
So according to the ladies of , children should know how to behave in public , but not a grown . Ironytheview
Starving at Feeding America ..
spending hours on discussing what 's wrong with the country . but do nothing to change it.irony
this family is famous because one of them got a cock in her tail ! Oh and that murder trial !
Yeah in 86 the best Celtics team of all-time won the title . Although led by an Indiana man , Larry Bird .
at least there 's a cat now , but I 'm holding out for a turtle . I mean , who irons anymore ?
Over speeding kills ! Life is so unpredictable you never know anything can happen !
About to give up on tomorrow 's speech . Unfortunately the end of this speech says `` never give up '' .
At least an American still won the BritishOpen 🇺🇸⛳️🇺🇸
They Worshipping Devi but not allowing womans 2enter in a Temple.Irony ShaktiPeeth
The of calling a website that rates women on physical appearance , `` toe curling '' . dailymail
Plush cars speed at fly overs , while families struggle to live under them .
are you being served has hardly dated at all
Been on Instagram for awhile now . My thoughts so far : ) funny
BAHAHAHA ! So Hunt wants doctors to work seven days a week even though they already do . How often do politicians work again ?
... because of capital controls greececrisis eurozone grexitirony JokeOfTheDay
We LFC fans were skeptical about Benteke and now ca n't wait to get the signing confirmed
Well done Mr Joe man . You did a gr8 kick into dat net thing . I am impressed dat u can kick so good goals ! goal keeper for life , lol
thought you were cracking in lookalikes last night
Why does my face only get itchy when my hands are dirty ? cruel and unusual
You know who else is 20 today ? KIDS and FREE WILLY 2 . Yes , CLUELESS and KIDS came out on the same day .
Kashmir- A place where burning national flag is favorite local pastime but burning ISIS flag causes riots . Rajouri .
The people who preach kindness are always the ones who suck at it
Vynil LPs r making a comeback 4 their superior analog sound . Are any peeps buying vynil listening on equip that costs more than $ 150 ?
People want business but they hesitate for business networking .
For showing extreme sexism towards men in the workplace , the VP seems to enjoy working from the kitchen .
& gt ; & gt ; & gt ; when ur new landlord shows up w landscapers after u spent hrs the day before landscaping
This reg form asked just for my email…THEN I got THIS…for webinar on improving productivity ! marketing fail
pnpcbc laywers & amp ; journalists are taking HarperGovtTM to court re C51 lol
European Colonialists returning to Latin America , this time looking for jobs .
Calling someone an idiot while barely being able to form sentences and spell is a bit ridiculous , do n't you think ?
everybody has a problem with the police , judiciary , govt but no one wants to join them to do something better.irony
i have to install Flash on my computer to take the company security training course
Not a cloud in the sky on the day I become a member of the ( thanks to )
Of corse NationalJunkFoodDay would be the day I 've committed to start eating better .
I 'm on the liberal PBS right now ! ! Talking about why theocracy is dangerous santorum tcot IranDeal
`` Your Local Labour Team - listening to you '' Really ? WheeliebinGate
It 's too bright out FunRun2
Wow…seen you profile pic recently ?
The most knowledgeable wannaknow more , the most ignorant are happy to remain so .. HearTheVerb UpCloseNPersonal
ironic is now trending in United States
This whole play is about anti-racism and I 'm getting my lines taken away because I 'm white
So since Miranda cheated on Blake does that mean she 's going to write songs about herself and how shitty n whorey she is ?
😂😂 RT : I 'm not trying to shade anyone ! That 's not my style ! I just thought that caption was perfect for that pic ! ironic
`` Your Local Labour Team-listening to you '' Really ? WheeliebinGate
Girls are n't allowed to use the `` c '' word ! GrowingUpAGirl
Consults with a dog trainer today . Because you know , the cobblers son has no shoes and all .
fuck I used the wrong your hahahaha
wonder what their AWS infrastructure bill will look like
Ironically the girl who crashed me today had `` phd '' on her license plate ... phd on stupidity ! ! baddriver illegaluturn buckleup
Oh the about AshleyMadison
Oh please Steve Schmidt who gave us Sarah Palin trying to lecture Donald Trump . hardball
You got ta be a student to be a great teacher , sometimes u got ta be a follower to be a leader . HearTheVerb UpCloseNPersonal
I hate when she plays stupid ironic
: SNP supporters strongly deny it - they ca n't see SNP pomposity spooked EWNI & amp ; secured Tory maj in GE2015 .
A pharmacist 😂 Oh the
That moment when you realize you broke your toe stubbing it on a padded children 's toy .
`` If lack of in ' Ironic still bugs you 20 years on , watch this : '' JaggedLittlePill via
Ironic that Dems attack for his McCain remarks , yet it was n't long ago that they were calling 'Nam vets baby killers
Find it a little funny `` what 's goin ' on '' plays in the background of SIDA meeting DistrictAttorneySI
surprisingly those with brains ca n't use them !
is this an ironic tweet
“ : Lifelock once again failed at its one job -- protecting data
Sometimes u feel alone in the best company . Sometimes u in the best company when u all alone . HearTheVerb UpCloseNPersonal
spuddy getting an editor is dependent on the quality of this edit .
Apparently the crowd he worked for sponsored the FF tent at the Listowel races ! ! ! !
Stickers spotted on a Jeep Patriot with handicap flag framed license plates
tbh nicki did indirect her with 'music vids featuring skinny models ' BadBlood ironic
and I might be the same person since we both have bird tattoos and are actually deathly afraid of them 🚫🐦 💁🏼👭
Oh , I know . The rest of my family is quite musical .
Lol I have the doc on my ( ) 'watchlist ' . Edwardsnowden
stayed way longer than I 'd like to admit for sure
ironic is now trending in Houston
tweet of the day goes to GodBotherer - strange how I can still view his timeline = it 's MAGIC !
And of course as soon as I tweet support for Nicki , Bad Blood comes on the radio
Staying strong , to stay strong .
An old man turned 98 . He won the lottery and died the next day ... from a severe cut from his lottery ticket . ironic
I totally get that ! OnThatLevel NotShadingAnyone ironic
When you get ad for 's tour before a video where she plays a dating sim 😂
Define hypocrite USA
A 2.5 hour dentist visit on NationalJunkFoodDay . Oh the 😢🍩🍦🍰🍫🍬🍭🍮🍔🍟🍕
and you know they 'd love the twist of the one being chased is really a gay puppy
So many songs about lost love . So many tortured souls over mistakes . The never ending chain of broken hearts needs to be broken .
I do n't understand how people tweet over 1m times ... Like .... How ..... 😳 ironic
Haha oh the ! Lol 😂😂😂
You really should read some history . No British occupation no IRA !
Was n't Blake Shelton married when he met Miranda ? Then he thought she cheated on him ?
Comedian pranks criminal , gets arrested . Ok then.Irony OhDearWhatCanTheBlatterBe FIFAckoffm80
Throwback to the time I was watching John Mayer perform Waiting on the World to Change at Jingle Ball and a fight happened next to me
Go to mall to get a phone screen protector . Dude drops my phone .
Things change when you change how you see things . HearTheVerb UpCloseNPersonal
its not hypocrisy that only Neha Dhupia has freedom of speech nor her critics ?
Went to and his last name is Nola ?
She stay sneak dissing and taylor is not the one , ironic
Emergency 🚨 gtav ps4
Also , my Verizon phone reception here at Verizon Center is terrible .
Ha ! had ironic & amp ; ICONIC timing w/ this caption & amp ; pic while not knowing about NM/TS drama !
Gov MPs taking part in 'opening ceremonies ' for foodbanks ? Hope there 's not a ribbon ! toomuch
Ironic today I asked my angels for a sign ...... Look what I just saw ....
Seems many next-gen open source devs just do n't `` get '' Copyleft ... they 're vulnerable to corporate propaganda calling GPL `` non-free '' .
The catcher does n't catch the ball
makes a critique about the VMAs putting down black women and the media calls her out for being `` angry black woman ''
Music save my life but i do n't know if I 'm saving it or if it needs saving from me . pdash goincrazy mke boredaf
Scooby-Doo is a dog . He 's wearing the Cat-Man makeup . ScoobyKISS
he also says i dont know what means either which is both ironic and projection
Not sure what 's easier to do : complain on Twitter , or piss off my girlfriend while she 's watching TV by doing LITERALLY ANYTHING ! irony
Microsoft : trying to solve the hard problems in computing . Apple : purveyor of overpriced jewelry , using code developed by academics .
Nik Aziz ’ s son hits out at HarapanBaru for using dad ’ s name in recruitment drive
Hmm , I think skypalace was the 11thFlr . Nice try tho : ) “ :
literally everyone but you is sitting ... ironic sorryhad2 respecttheprez
last tweet was hashtag
my mom loves that song ☀️ she was singing the other day ironic
Apparently , I 'm no good at Mexican Train dominoes . ironic
`` You 're a fool if you really think you can make that judgement with the information we have . ''
Disaster has struck ! Trying to submit my Takish build b4 deadline & amp ; my ISP goes down .
abercrombie I guess they ca n't understand we look good for US not them , but then again lack of understanding is the problem ironic
NYC should revoke ambassadorship . She barely spends time in the city she is suppose to rep .
Eating a Mcflurry while watching extreme weight loss ironic
The in mine and is sadly we are sitting next to each other and still tweeting WTF LMAO
Saw a lady struggling with a selfie stick . She wanted to take a closeup but the button was behind her . On the handle of the stick .
now I 'm getting high levels in heists but they expect more money
same St , different day , yet we are called `` trolls . '' Go figure .
Irony : is used for a humorous or empathetic effect
i feel like with this push for racial equality people r forgetting that every body is entitled to their opinion not just black ppl . ironic
AM relieved that public views the site as a victim ... holy
While & amp ; talk bout the late husbands i get a msg from my deceased bfriends mom I hv n't spoken to in yrs ironic
This coming from the guy that charged charities top dollar to hear his drivel - as a paid sitting MP
Hockey : while I was preparing the budget in 2014 , SMH editors were preparing a document designed to cause hurt and pain.Irony
But in all reality , this is fake . Ironic
I feel like being duped by authorized car service.Indonesians .
Is that a Mickey Mouse poster ?
SA needs all the small business start-ups we can possibly getBut Adelaide City Councillors calls them cancer/parasites depressing
I was listening to a programme about driverless cars when a human-driven car swerved into my lane
Found out the plumber ca n't work on our new house until next week because he 's backed up
ironic is now trending in Chicago
If they had followed the advice noted , there would be no need for the pictured apparel .
The party is not national but the spokesperson is national ..
well , THAT was a new spin on me asking last night why letting lorenzen hit .
so not ironic ironic
Oh yes . Delicious attacking the entitlement
The award today goes to the guy with the license plate MRPEFCT .
Image appeared on this site according to Google . Acosta
I still think it 's funny that I was blocked by btlsradio
Canadian white bread 😳 made in USA hahaha love the Mountie bread carbs traderjoes nyc…
streetartglobe 's photo selphi humour selfi
There goes trying to give people brain aneurysms ....
Pinkel sees the NCAA as a business , does not want to meet in a game competing .
May Least respectful thing I 've read today .
Taylor Swift is nominated for a VMA for a song shading a female musician . So ....
I mean , definition of irony : a song about friendship by a band named War .
Curtis `` 50 Cent '' Jackson is now not even worth his nick-namesake . bankruptcy
Months of your life you ca n't get back !
you guys , my prof. like my tweet about me catching up on my popularityclass ! PsychologyofPopularity class ! popular
, you 're on blast ... this year 's choices are obviously not about talent , they 're about ratings ... ironic
It 's amazing to go to a show in Nashville and hangout with people you do n't know that happen to be from your hometown . Ironic
unconscious or unconscious selfrevelation from a drongo ?
Watched `` Amy . '' A movie a bunch of people will see about someone who just wanted to be left out of the spotlight .
Niggas will bash a female for wearing makeup & amp ; call one that does n't ugly . Ironic
Awesome . Another pandering apologist , exactly what we need .
Ye olde Kodak building ironic Kodak b & amp ; w binladenworkedforkodak ?
they opened their drive they window to tell us it was too risky to ... open their drive thru window .
Do you know what 's Ironic about Iran deal ? Israel 's going to get bombed with Uranium enriched in US made centrifuges !
we are here being critical and ironic
Where will i see my self within 5 years ? In a mirror motha fukaaaa 🏂 hillarious ironic summer personality
also has golliwog items in its gift shop , despite having a black Nigerian Marchioness ironic
ee I know she hates it😂
RELIGION : Giving people hope in a world torn apart by religion sotrue ironic NoReligionFewerWars
What a stunning lack of insight by Blair . Soulless bankrupt Blairism is why people support Corbyn .
`` Anna '' tweets all this idiocy , with a Confederate Flag avi .
I do love fighting my way through the hoard of smokers that guard the door to NHS HQ ! LateAgain
AshleyMadisonHackthe morally wrong hacking doing a morally right thing of exposing cheaters in a morally wrong way .. whew ! the : P
by being more Conservative . ironic
mum almost ran someone over driving out of the hospice ironic
mine went out the window when had forceps in theatre ... Radio on , daughter came out to `` Sex is on Fire ''
The end of capitalism has begun great article by
It 's ironic for to break stories abt poor English on the front page with typos & amp ; errors inside .
People need to just stop using ironic when it 's actually coincidence . Looking at you , . Use your voice for good .
Ironic I ca n't even
ProTip If you block someone , make sure their name does n't show up in your TL . JustSaying
biocon 490 CE up 40 %
Only in America could donaldtrump be considered anti-establishment
My life in structures these past few days building to no structure summer ☀️😝
needs a VMA for that performance ! I 'm still dying ! ironic
In the one place in the world where it is illegal I just actually stood on chewing gum singapore
Drizzy might not spit he 's own words , but yall still want him on a verse . Ironic
Being told I have to teach 'British values ' by the same government that is undermining the NHS and the BBC thanksconservatives
Mini van cum getting totally undone for minvan50
Let me get this straight . A bunch of cheaters are freaking out because they trusted Ashley Madison and now feel betrayed ? karma
I rewatched Hot Tub Time Machine this week and noticed Stan as this Russian hating dude
Poc fadagate and sexism in the gaa has made it to page3 news ironic
Crushed Nail Polish observation beauty composition
Irony ! ! Jharkhand Education Minister Ms Neera Yadav pays tribute to `` LATE '' we ca n't expect worse ! !
Watching a documentary questionning Apple 's business practices ... and an Apple ad plays ...
Liberals be all for gun control .... until you mention you wo n't sell to Muslims . liberallogic
Guys , he just wants to make it stop . He says `` No '' . Is that so very much to ask ? Cosby
It was only a matter of time ... frankfurters in frankfurt tubedmeats instadaily
Shows how out of touch the BBC are . They had John McTernan on talking about the way forward for & amp ; why they are rubbish .
how about `` A tory opening a foodbank . Really '' or
Asking for advice , using the same question , has gotten me answers everywhere on the spectrum . What 's the best way to sort advice ?
Furzedown net Welham road
Infatuation is not love I was telling someone about this tonight lol ironic
Musharif ko wapis fooj main lao , Tusi onu fair ComaDoora of Faithfuls bana dena way ironic
Lollll ! ! ! Those are the main ones 😭
Head Ball Coach on the headset . Own it .
Some of you may appreciate the when I report the lid ( cap ) to this tin ( can ) will not come off…
Yeah . Can expect health monster to keep growing if we continue to let obesity/chronic disease swallow the budget
Chris Froome in TDF 'dream position ' despite criticism criticism & amp ; media scrutiny more stressful than riding
Same organisations call themselves 'Innovative ' & amp ; 'Agile ' but at same time embedded in their organisation redtape & amp ; Bureaucracy
We 're divided by niches , united by stereotypes .
This was too ironic not to post 😂😂 missing what thepaper oh
RT Meek is in his feelings hard tonight ... Nigga might need to listen to some Drake
Now that 's lyrics
Having babies as a tool in the career progression toolkit ? humour Reality honesty
There 's an actual song of Ayyan called `` Making Dollars '' moneylaundering Pakistan
When your name is Dick and you complement that name by actually being a Dick
Killing a fish by drowning it in the water whataweirdo
And then immediately afterward I burned the fuck out of my finger with my own cigarette
Canadian lightning strike survivor wins $ 1 million lotteryirony
Some environments are so clean and cold they make me uncomfortable ocdwoes
HELENO HENZO Heleno is a pedophile he stated so !
Rather symbolic do n't you think ironic
I am a grouchy zombie all day but once I get home and eat some leftovers suddenly I 'm revitalized . Ironic
GBP rallies on BOE inflationary comments . And yet BOE also says GBP strength will curb inflation . GoFigure Sideways
Ironic Repost isnotajoke yolo pueblapeople ijustwannasing fuckoff・・・Always remember , you…
I want to vacation in Vietnam considering my father was once kidnapped by the U.S. Government and shipped there to hunt for humans . ironic
If have n't been writing his own shit that mean he not as sensitive as we played him out to be all these years😳😂 jokesonus
Tony Blair 's 'politics of the caveman ' analogy quite aptly describes 'solving ' complex Middle East issues with military force
WTH he is a education minister .😵😵
Ironic way to start using this notebook . CarpeDiem LetterNote Gift
Graham We do n't need another soldier in the 21st cent culture war . Focus on running your charity please . notagoodsamaritan
Lang tchrs able to fare well as SS thru the old methd , thrfre , could being a lang tchr potntially impede one 's perspctve j/k ? lill2015
the sprinklers were on at the park across from the cap watershed this morning . Please turn them ! level3
Have n't Got Time For The Pain Boston CarlySimonCarly - our local legend ! via
holy fuck if this is posted any more , there 's going to be another spike .
I am actually writing radio scripts again . ironic
It looked like the honeymoon couple were watching AmericanIdol . KnockKnockLive ironic
Ironic that I just tweeted about them
Batman will win . Only because of Superman 's humanity
Praky Headline if Pak thrash SL - Mathews has been 'white'washed .
Artic expedition to study global warming put on hold to due to too much ice .
? I think not ...
So let me get this right.I 'm objectionable , but you ca n't provide me with evidence of that.But swearing at me is okay ? Ironic
I done seen several stolen tweets on this meekbelike trend
It 's been suggested that I go to an anxiety group . I ca n't imagine anything would make me more anxious . ironic
Canada should have a federal election every year , so the government can post a surplus annually instead of every 4 yrs ..... CanPoli Ironic
Walked into this hospital and there were people outside of it smoking.ironic
Says the convicted felon Hypocrisy
Headline on profile reads `` looking for new opps '' and publishes blog about creating job attracting profiles ?
Technical difficulties . drink sbstdf
not just car-crash ( well , bike-crash ) video , more a blindspot case-study mirrors adding to driver 's blindspot ?
GoSetAWatchman gon na wait for the movie . Actually , gon na wait for the trilogy .
The film Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice is about an orphan fighting a homeless illegal immigrant ... Jp
... which might explain why your hero image is whopping 2.2MB ? ! ! ; )
Remember a nigga telling me do n't fuck with somebody cause they police ... Then how he end up telling ironic
Distance has brought me closer to my day 1s ironic
Mr . Gentleman , why people avoid seeing the truth in other 's eyes ? comicstrip humor gentleman comedy
Overuse of hashtags makes me want to cry . your entire post shouldnt be hashtags twitterpost twitter hashtaghashtag stop
I find it very Ironic and funny nowadays how people forget soo Quickly the things you 've done for…
John Rentoul on BBC : `` If Corbyn is voted in , there will be civil war in the party , Labour MPs will simply go on strike ''
Anyone see the in a MilitarizedPolice force and a Demilitarized Military ? MilitaryLivesMatter
For those who like a bit of orwell bigbrother
Black ribbon on back of cab with cash only sign inside .
Not to mention evil . I 'd give them a call and ask if they carry people ? : D
I could hear a commercial about protecting dreams and newscast abut the crazy kid yelling lady
Ironic Thomas . Have a beer . Calm down feller . This is n't good for your health
Apparently so ! Article written by white guy telling other white people what black people think of them .
English village named 'Sonning Eye ' objects to George Clooney 's all-seeing CCTV surveillance cameras
happy birthday to basically the most loved girl in all of Charlotte ironic lol ily and have an amazing day char💖⭐️
So I blog about EllenPao & amp ; the part trolls played n her demise . I get mad eyes on LinkedIn , including trolls !
I 'm hoping I have to see the first 2 sharnado to understand the 3rd . hoping
saw ad 1st time last night -thought it was gr8 then at end saw it was bigsigh distraction partofproblem
yup OH du miarren sooooo cute HighLevelOfStupidity
Yes , in one breath they bemoan all the coverage , then proceed to cover him ! Kornacki filling in for for example .
restating it to rhyme it : divided by niches , united by clichés ! SixWords
You know the month end is near when your purse has more loose change than notes ! ! MonthEnd truestory
That 's rich ! who would n't make larger sized clothing now makes fattening beer . ironic AlanisMorrisette
Mr . Gentleman , why ca n't come out happy in my pictures ? comicstrip humor comedy gentleman viñeta comedia
just reading your article while in Q on overbooking by and have been stopped as the flight is full ... ironic joke
Aye wheres Jack Macgyver when you need him , need to be Macgyver to fill forms out these days never mind save your life . Ironic
3 years ago today I did n't see Nicki in Atlanta but 4 years ago today I did see her in Miami 😍
Dude Violence is wrong .. If would have laid a hand on Zoey you would be screaming he is Violent .
Just got to Iowa , now learning about why all the smart young people are leaving . braindrain
Nobody notices when you do.Everybody notices when you don't.worklife
Résumé w/Failures & amp ; Non-Skills , Gets 8 Responses In A Month unemployed genius
Watching KUWTK and Bruce/Caitlyn does n't want the dog to get neutered
Dont speak the truth : You are a liarSpeak the truth : Receive the bashing
Yeah ... I stopped making my Inspired Art by Perkinspired entry to watch & amp ; ' live chat 😂 Ironic
If China is expressing their great arrogance of not minding the arbitration process and then right now asking our govt to back out ? ironic
Brilliant idea : KANYEVSCREATIVE Advertising creative KanyeWest
Her sister always seem to be with one of her friends ex 's . ironic 😄
you do realise that your tweet is overtly racist do n't you ? ironic
- StudentLoanDefault rate drop tied to IBR plans lowers the investment value of AlternativeLoans .
Some people do n't know how to communicate anymore because of their phone ironic
One of the `` duped '' bands = `` Huxter ''
Ever since Chuka Umunna ruled himself out of the Labour leadership race he 's been on tv almost every day .
Niggas go broke just to look like they got it 😭😭😭😭 .
when you 're casually discussing Jordan and Dane bowers & amp ; you get Mrs Toe on the end of the phone ironic worktalk
would n't it be some shit if yo song with drake was the 1 single off yo album ?
It 's laughable that every member of the security apparatus hate when civilians film them at work .
One of our nations symbols of justice is a blind folded woman . Signifying the unbiased nature our justice system should have . ironic
Jones accusing someone else of bringing personal comments into the debate
Even we dare to say the opposite : Behavior Psychology Love Friendship Quotes Ironic
Says the person who is wearing a shirt that Target sells in their profile picture .
oh wait are you even in this episode ? ironic
Aspiring to Artisanale photographs photostudios readingthesigns seeninparis signs ironic…
they are all identical as well ! ironic wastefull ridiculous
How much true is this now ! quoteoftheday quote 😉
Do you mean edit tweet ? 😇
My cat smells like vanilla ... And her name is cookie ... ironic 😂🐱🍦🍪
Site for the unfaithful gets hacked . Did they really trust in the relationship they had with the site .
Ndalamo calling out gold diggers when he 's with Matshidiso . muvhango
The same fans that will defend Floyd 's every moves , suddenly want every other fighter to not making any business moves . boxing
Also , I may or may not have used existential correctly but is n't that the point of life and human existence ? What 's real anyways ?
cornell On a tour of the facilities and I see this food foodengineering icecream by devinellen
But The Society is quite Funny , They ask you to be Yourself and Later They Judge You ! ! Irony
“ The most tragic victims of are the trees cut down to make copies of The Lorax . ” 😞 ironic
Seeing `` how to treat people well '' articles from is a little like Zuck writing privacy articles . reputation
not anymore ... thank you so much Sir ... You are my hero ironic
Help it happen for POPELOUCHUM VINEYARD : 10,000 GRAPES FOR A NEW WINE on R. Grahm is GMO grapes
It 's another excited day in my life 😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑
My reaction when thousands of people take time to tweet to Piers Morgan that they do n't care about him .
Mafia accusations against Italy 's third-largest online poker network . And operation was called `` Gambling '' ? oh
Nation of sheepRule by wolvesOwned by Donkeys
All in his Feelings . Drake-ing to the max 😭 Ironic
turns out idiotic bans due to fears of offending someone is n't just an American issue
hitler You mean , mean people like some tosser that likens Donald Trump to a genocidal maniac
On a tour of the facilities and I see this food foodengineering icecream @ Cornell Dairy
Oh lord Septic Eye played Thereis no game ! He copied me ! Please do n't kill meh =p
nation againRecently BBC said `` Viewers should decide on govt cutbacks as they are shareholders ''
3 years ago from now ironic
The guys who still hold bags , open doors , show respect and tell their lady they 're beautiful are the real men ironic
Christian values ? ? ? 😳 Ironic
Boycott PlannedParenthood supporter -- & gt ; ironic
I 'm tryig to watch my figure carbs friedchicken
I wo n't spoil my woman because I want her to stay fresh .
you look kinda gay tho ironic
The vandalised Banksy in Cheltenham ironic
How ironic is it that people tell you that being on the Internet is a waste of time , when they 're conveying this message online . ..
ironic the Pope hosts a conference on climate change while the U.S. Continues abortion
uber does n't want to be disrupted ? ironic campaign slogan
I agree with 's point on racism , but ironic that b4 all the implants she had that slim girl body !
guy whose whole schtick has been baiting ppl accusing others of baiting him . ironic
Arctic expedition to study global warming put on hold because of too much ice [ photos ] ItsTheWeatherStupid
So are all Anglo Saxons arrogant ? or is this patronizing retaliation on the Anglo 's to victimize the black people ?
Listening to two old white men in a Mexican restaurant talk about how much they love Donald Trump ... Ironic NotInAFunWay
In Vegas , just heard a version of Bohemian Rhapsody on the radio with the lyrics `` little high '' censored .
When a ad makes you cry . viralads advertising . The 12 most viral ad of 2015 ( so far ) via
So are the same people who are upset at Loma for not doing a catch weight vs Rigo , upset at GGG for wanting one vs Ward ? boxing
Listen I like meek but it 's funny how he say time to expose the fake when he runs with the most fake rapper in the game Ross ironic
Settled myself in to read this little gem ... and fell to sleep 😂
mize I know that 's what makes it funny
Bluebirds can not see the color blue . funfact
Right ! ? You missed my `` Bay area bias '' rant last night cc : SRSC
5 deaths from an ikea dresser & amp ; it 's recalled . 5 deaths fromESSURE & amp ; the FDA gives women the finger Ironic
he havin a Drake moment Ironic 😂😂
Ok we are told that processed foods can cause cancer ... And Ucc has a cancer research center ironic
Have to laugh @ the of any ( R ) talking about anyone else having no class . Poor lil Marco , he tries so hard !
yes , because Lara Croft will hold her ass up like that .
I love these kind of signs haha ironic
Wake up from a nap more tired than before you took it ... humpday
“ The Dinosaur tells me when the Internet is broken ” QuoteOfTheDay Ironic
Christians , stop demanding your way ! Our latest service is up : GodIsNotYourWeapon
Is n't it interesting that you have no tolerance , when you want people to be more tolerant/aware of the problems blacks face ?
And indeed the Tories are voting in big numbers for the chap you describe as lovely : )
Explain this
Oh please . How many co-writers helped you type this tweet ? You ca n't even write your own music . ironic
Praying for all the victims of the AshleyMadisonHack this must feel like a total betrayal of their trust . LOL whatyouget
Whenever a republican complains about how hot it is but denies global warming :
I had to read it twice but I got her meaning . Taylor profiting off the song , which is a dig at Katy Perry . She meant ironic
Irony : when you are being trained by a server who you once trained . 😂 ironic
The of this tweet ! Blackwomen in the shadow of white women is what was talking about .
that it was ironic itwasasign
exactly this !
pnpcbc CITIZENS are taking their Govt to court to PROTECT SELVES FR HIS GVOT 's 'SAFETY ' law does n't BLANEY get ?
Definitely watching ... After church ...
casually having a drink with you boys jonlagz 19 ironic @ Southwest Airlines at BWI
😂😂 attempting to justify his ill thought out tweet by disparaging black twitter in the infamously right wing dailymail ironic
Abolitionists and mixed race people were slave owners looking for compensation for the loss of property BritainsForgottenSlaveOwners
As long as you are looking to feel whole from a partner , you are NOT really ready for a partner . wisdom
Lately I 've noticed an increase of selfies a day has a relation with decreased maturity level . ironic 💁🏼😅
Never mind Xbox lost connection right after that tweet
Aaron Lennon 's career at Spurs started quickly & amp ; promisingly , stuttered & amp ; has now ended up w/his not knowing what to do or where to go
`` Got a letter in the mail ... '' from VA day Congress says they 'll raid this program
How do you justify bashing me for going to college and learning critical thinking skills when your profile has PHD in it ?
Lol at my Twitter timeline . Complaints that a steam train built in the 1940 's is n't updating its position via satellites often enough
I am so confused ... ironic lastword ohnoyoudidnt
`` So the fuck what . ''
Who 's at war w/ Xtianity now ? irony FoxNews
Just made an entire pack of bacon and my heart is happy .
Love how Beckerman has dreads but not a single Jamaican player does ironic
you had me but did n't want me .. Now I moved on and you want me .. ironic iconic
I met a woman today that called herself Diamond Gold . She asked me for a dollar . I gave her one but just because I like Carol
But can I still freak out ?
Wife is venting about friend being difficult picking a restaurant but not coming out and making a better suggestion ... hmm
Yeah , only in alaska indeed . The zoo closed cos there was a bear in the zoo . ironic
Yeah , I had to drive behind this herbalife car for 15 minutes ! ! DCTraffic Ironic
Well I know where my son got his weird smile now 😳😂😂😂 ironic moment genetics
Ironic moment of my day : radio news alerts me to a level 3 pedophile in the area with the last name of Grope . goodtoknow but really ?
Made my day . yfccamp northbay fffr ironic
The very toxic substance blamed for all modern ills
Monosyllabic is in itself an example of irony . See also hyphenated and non-hyphenated as examples of English
Did you see who was batting during Bagwell 's grab ? LJ Hoes ! !
as a kid you 're told by everyone that you can be anything you dream , yet as you get older , less and less people tell you that
`` The careful movers ''
Hate it when people preach for a cause but do n't live by the same standards doublestandards
Okay Google ... How do you stop annoying adverts .
Genius hahaha it 's sound more beautiful in Albanian . lol
What was that about behaving like a petulant child in a sweet shop ?
I say UFO and Alien life exists , people say I , m wrong , Stephen Hawking launches a search for ET , s and he , s called a Genius Oxymoron
If this was stolen ... that 's pretty badass and ironic . police opp Ontario signs
is trending from people proclaiming his irrelevance .. haha Awesome ! 😅 NickiMinaj MTVVideoMusicAwards cupofjoecanada
I am so confused ... ironic lastword ohnoyoudidnt
Apple : The biggest and wealthiest `` anti-corporate '' corporation . clevermarketing
I chose a seat on the train to sit away from the snorers . Only to sit near a snorter . Doomed to a noisy commute . Sydney
My A/C works only when it 's not too hot outside . help summer
Great the ones making all the effort get nothing ☺️ unfairenough absoluteshite ironic
did anyone else catch the beginning of tom delonge 's new song before they cut it off for mark hoppus ? apmas ironic
When you come to the fire station and the fire trucks are gone . ironic
4hr target in place because longer stays linked to bad outcomes . Then bad outcomes result from trying to meet it . exposure
That awkward moment when can´t recognize fiction from reality ... irl TaylorSwift ironic NickiMinaj
HAHAHAHA ! ! Arctic expedition to study global warming put on hold because of too much ice [ photos ]
So apparently my tweet about becoming invisible vanished ? ! ironic
So how about the guy on his cell worried about gov't listening , while talking loud enuf for EVERYONE to hear the conversation
prime mcintosh what a bunch of whiny , neckbearded , misogynistic manbabies .
. Spotted woman reading book by Bill Cosby , titled `` Love & amp ; Marriage '' ( photo of young BC ) seriously NotWatchingNews
Wait wants to be honest , but when MisterCee was sexing Trannies , he was n't asking for Honesty then
rap beef Money vs . Talent 50 cent vs JaRule , Irv , Fat Joe , Game , Young Buck , Ross etc Now his Chap 11 got denied
FireKlinsmann Alvarado was garbage , Beckerman starting a disaster . Where 's Kitchen ? Where 's Besler ?
It is Ironic that Christians that Follow Jesus try to Love everyone because Jesus said to do so yet Christians are Persecuted Tragic
a phelps just going to MAKE me repost this , are n't you ? seriously , Slack doesn't…
Mexican player got mad about having stuff thrown at him
After the sharks got him , the only thing left of Malcolm ... was his middle . sharknado3
no bc after she says it they let that guy die !
When `` Happiness Quotes '' starts following me in the middle of my mini Wraggfire freak out
Hasselhoff : `` Why do you always need to be a hero ? '' ROFLirony
It 's almost funny how emotional individuals are getting over Meek Mill being emotional ... or hypocrisy
At concert ... And they played Taylor swift .... ironic
OldShowNewPremise Degrassi but Drake is douche kid that becomes a paralyzed adult
Basically barred from serving their country by an organization whose job is serving the country . ironic
realfact962 John Wilkes booth 's brother saved the life of Abe Lincoln 's son ironic
Watching Jaws at the pool ! Ironic summer mywana
`` Arctic expedition to study global warming put on hold because of too much ice ''
mfaboston protesters look like whites and chinese appropriating Japanese agency hypocrisy sjwlogic
In the mood to kill someone ironic
pitch : Al Gore plays the villain in Sharknado 4
says the guy who tried to end open records laws and transparency in WI government .
Alas , Purity Culture is one of our more terrible moves .
. is the official cell phone provider of the and yet I have limited service at the game tonight .
I love how I found out about this WhitePeople documentary on MTV via a predominantly black news feed . I ca n't wait to watch this .
Hitler did the same shit
my hubby grabbed 2 cups for our roadies Houstontraffic Astros w/
Leave it to me to hurt myself while taking a self defense class
not cool gold cup is way more important than Eldora . I now have to listen to the Mexico game in Spanish
just had to pick this picture did n't they ... awk ironic
I enjoyed that course . Weird that I 'm now the primary dev of my own key management library . or destiny
Lmao whos serious Sharknado3
lol yeah we watched the end of 2 and laughed the entire time ! But now ... a storm is coming here ! ironic
I feel bad for actors who 's only big break comes in a Adam Sandler movie .
I 'm stressing over a vacation I 'm taking to destress
So Some Smart people Who Were Telling you to Buy Gold @ 1900 $ just 2-3 Years ago are now again telling you to Sell Gold @ 1100 $
A hunter deck player who takes forever to end their turn . `` Time moves quickly ! '' Hearthstone
I would rather watch AfricaMagic then Sharknando any day , I just ca n't deal with the amount of lies the US is trying to pass by me ironic
For some reason I write way better music when I have n't listened to music that day .. ironic
How did I not notice this 😵 ihatevegetables vegan traderjoes chickenless
had a good hour at the gym but debating on pumping out another because masterchef is on tv above the ab machines . ironic whytheydothat .
I 'm blown away that your song glorifying how much you want a dude 's junk did n't get a vma nom . classless
Meg looks 10x better without red lip stick .. ironic bb17
I know you do n't control the ads at the bottom of your posts , but I saw a `` Trump for president advert ! ''
The About the Rhetorical Expression of ' I Know ; Right ? ' - rhetorical i know right expression
this guy is criticizing the M 's on ESPN .... That 's freakin hilarious ironic
My iTunes got jokes today ! These two played back to back on shuffle ! 😂😂😂
How exactly is this tweet not racist ?
so cares about young black life lost too soon but do n't mind the young lives in the wombs being aborted ?
link did n't load for me the first time i clicked it ...
You love to fail ... when you enjoy it ! Bam ! ! ! GoodLife LiveDaily
Beginning to question if Alicia really is thegoodwife
a picture meant to depict intelligence shows Tanner running with his bib upside down
JoeHockey `` Someone has to stand up to the bullies . '' projection auspol
Sharknado3 twister spotted at universal ? And a jaws reference ? Too subtle . ironic
Life can be so ironic sometimes ...
Ironic how is putting this WhitePeople doc out , yet allow to be slanted in nominations and in tabloids for
Killing sharks with laser beams ... how ironic sharknado3
no , those things are mutually exclusive
Both my child hood best friends that I have n't talked to in yearss , just wrote me on Facebook ironic
. I say this as a big fan - your spotify playlist called `` ca n't stop the playlist '' is empty . So it 's been stopped .
Seen on a billboard on my way home : `` Congratulations , Special Olmypics . ''
... and then the weather guy Tweets about it . ; - )
Well today this arrived in the mail
jones Now that 's funny !
ironic Terry gave it away
Did n't think of it until you mentioned it today invisible hiddentrack
Funny thing is actually all those car tail lights ARE IN a Parking Lot ! ! ironic @ Hampton…
But hate the thought of dying
I was wrong about the gym equipment bending my rings . Turns out my ring finger is what deformed them . Weird
Thoughts of the WhitePeople users , `` My race is far too superior to be racist . It 's those awful white people that are all racist ! ''
59 haha ! And it 's Wednesday ironic thank you so much 😀😀😀
Lol a white boy liked my white boy tweet ironic
My get away game strong though ironic
if the story gets bumped due to the breaking pursuit coverage .
When someone likes you , they become what u like . When someone 's does n't like u .. You automatically become things they do n't like
U R MAD TO THAT LIAR FANDOM BCOZ OF WAT EXO MEMBERS DID , BUT U R TRYING TO DEFEND TAO . FUNNY IS , TAO DID THAT TO KRIS TOO ! ironic
August ... Stand up against violence against women ... ironic womenhurtingwomen itsnotjustmen
The is that they are proposing exactly what Dylan Roof is calling for .
It should , we got straight back onto that . Whoops
finds it so ironic that listening 2 deal with not being in SHARKNADO is putting my beef with into perspective lol
Is it wrong that I want to see some PETA officials get eaten by sharks in Sharknado3 ?
Overheard my coworker talking about her kids doing vacation bible school . This year 's theme is Superheroes of the Bible .
hahaha ! Leave it to a Zionist to try to tell me about oppression . blocked
This girl is arguing that there is no way to justify pedophiles getting beat up in prison . Says they 're helpless against attackers .
Using jizz & amp ; shithead in the same sentence to call someone else classless ... idiot pointruined smh
I recently heard a story about someone who missed time management training as they had n't planned their week out properly .
Program Manager , Search Engine Optimization lol dreamjob google
You 'll see the signs , but you 'll ignore them and when it 's over , you 'll remember the signs that you ignored and wish you never did
Is n't it Ironic lss alanis
Is it me or did a The Hoff just rescue sharknado3 ? ironic
Something v delicious from someone rotten ...
`` Greasy sermon is when a sermon has no substance . '' -Christieirony stuffsaidatchurch
Humanity is transparent ! quotes
When government agencies get into bed with competitors just to frustrate other businesses while they shout ease of doing business .
Hindutva trolls bark frm anonymous profiles agnst veil as it prevents recognition .
and as a Jew , I take particular offense to implications of identifying and segregating people based on vax status .
Everybody wants to park their vehicles below the tree . But nobody wants to plant a tree ... — feeling irritated
the company even has its own search engine . perhaps they could teach their UAEPR to set up an alert if they ca n't read the papers ?
Cleaning up the mess made by emptying the vacuum cleaner with a dustpan & amp ; brush
The devs are suprising the UX team with an impromptu demo . You know agile works when it ships ! Who cares about schedules , eh ? & gt ; & gt ;
Is n't it funny how you do n't want something till you ca n't have it ? wasnthungry fastingforabloodtest nowimstarving
One of my beloved editor buddies said this week : `` You should be more controversial ... '' I 'm just tired + broke right now – honest !
This is more ironic than being struck by lighting leaving the grocery store with a lottery ticket in your hand
Rappers are the only set of artists in music who find it taboo to have Ghostwriters even Co-Writers . 😂Ironic
I see Bang Yongguk everywhere - 4:44PM , 44 % batt Ironic
they wana get 100 % without expanding on it 1 % .
Pic from Save our Campaign . And some `` top conservationalist '' with in the park - smoking
it has to be Boston 's `` More than a Feeling '' ( but many psychs prefer `` If You Could Read My Mind '' by Gordon Lightfoot )
God what kind of sign are you trying to send me ironic
Yes , very true . However , this post was about those issues in Tanzania - NOT anywhere else . So there 's no really .
SHARE WITH TIM ! ! ! americanhustle LouisCK BradleyCooper
What most women believe , only to be utterly disappointed . In my own words `` Cheetahs do n't change ''
Protech Traffic 's motto is `` we keep you safe '' yet I was driving behind a truck who 's driver threw a beer can out the window 😂
Coming from the guy that helped buy downing , Adams , Carroll etc
Morning ! Reading this while making coffee - would you try Caffeine Inhalers ?
“ : Best way to start a Monday ? Flight cancelled ... ineedbetanairways ✈️
Really ? With a show like that ? : The creators of DatingNaked aim to keep entertainment lighthearted
Went to check and the site barely works . Ironic
Like we did n't know this ! BBC News - Nigeria 's Muhammadu Buhari : US 'aiding ' Boko Haram with arms ban
It 's really sad when you have to think about buying yourself a gun for protection from the cops you pay to protect you .
U can have all the money in the world & amp ; stl nt be happy ... Ironic
LOL BRB CRYING ABOUT THROWING MONTHS OF HARD WORK DOWN THE DRAIN BC I RAN TOO MUCH SO MY BONES CRACKED
Ironic that we search for intelligent life so far from ourselves . Maybe we should try to be smarter . peace love
Just saw a garbage van driver littering.Talk about
fails to update it 's data on the day of GoogleAppConference
Is n't it amazing its our eyes which tells someone how much we love them and sometimes it just lie : ) ironyAditi & lt ; 3
Wo n't someone PLEASE think of the MPs and in invasions of their privacy ? MassSurveillance
when you 're tied on points it 's head to head not goal difference , you 've got ta be kidding me ! And it 's Basel of all teams fifa15
What 's interesting is the fact that Sandra Bland was an advocate for issues and happenings like her own
J C Moss Klaxons as far as the eye can see , mate ! Next up Dianne Abbott ?
did n't you just do exactly that ?
Women be tough as hell with a nigga that can beat they ass but soon as spider comes they bitch up 😂😂😂
On a Webinar about Disaster Recovery and the presenter 's laptop has just crashed .
Just discovered I ca n't browse the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs site using https . So . That happened .
ALIENS , LOL , THE VERY THING THAT HUMANBEINGS , INCLUDING THEVATICAN ARE LOOKING FOR , THEDIVINE : ) IRONIC IS IT NOT ?
Ca n't access & amp ; update a model in a CDE because of read write issues . bim bureaucracy
Rednecks still ask if I speak English despite Indian kids crushing the Scripps national spelling bee every year . racism scripps
Maybe should worry about her treatment of photographers as much as she worries about women fighting .
Says the guy who hijacked the thread just to tell us that . Monicker
Basically , the crosses do n't beat the first man ...
Just overheard a mum say to her child you ca n't have a chocolate bar they are bad for you whilst she bought some fags and a lighter
We go to Twitter for our news , while TV News covers Twitter as if it 's news ... ironic trustedsource whosenewsisnews
Rt-wing media yelling that closing Gitmo means Russia will get it . Is n't that same reason Russia seized their naval base & amp ; Crimea ?
haha we had this discussion last night . ironic
It 's a good advice that you just ca n't take ! Is n't that ironic ? lifeisgood
If you take each of the first letters from the Alcohol Law Enforcement agency it spells out ALE . ironic stupidthoughts boredatwork
you forgot blessed ironic
HA HA . Yes . Last phone I had I dropped ..... putting the case that I had just bought onto it . Ironic
So 's founder said they want to `` exterminate the Negro population , '' yet says videos rooted in `` white supremacy . ''
The Post 's band of the day is . And what 's trending now ? 5YearsOfOneDirection . ironic 🇬🇧
Then again , you probably read our last tweet about an article suggesting you not spend so much time on your phone ... on your phone .
dying laughing as GOP idiots try to stop Trump from taking trademark idiocy too far . Good luck RickPerry ! or karma ?
Wooohooo almost 2 ' of Sso in thescholarwhowalksthenight episode 6 ! Wooohooo !
16 I have black friends too .
= Spouting a `` truth '' without facts ... Hat trick !
sharknado is simultaneously everything that is right and wrong about America . ironic
. ledge Indeed . Politicians only 'care ' about people 's rights when it suits their own hidden agendas ..
7 students , 2 profs facilitated by 3 ACs , 5 fans n 12 lights ... n they want to deliberate on powerCrisis ... ironic MBAwaleChochle
The day I take off work to rest just so happens to be the day they are putting on our new roof .
Had to walk in the street with the stroller because there was n't a sidewalk ... u shoulda seen the dirty looks from Ragbrai riders
Arvind Kejriwal asks Lieutenant Guv how can a person be called a सरकार yet conveniently forgets all ads about Kejriwal सरकार .
Why Killers in Uniform Are Roaming Free in Kashmir , asks who dine with the Killers .
Woke up thinking I had work today . Realized I did n't . Decided to start watching The Office . Coincidence YouDecide
This Star Wars audiobook is descent , but the reader missed on Samuel L Jackson 's accent , getting `` Southern Plantation Owner . ''
Now BJP says it is no worse that Vadra .
Going to see Pixels tomorrow and attending the on Saturday .
I should be a professional secret shopper ... Today I have seen 3 management talking about shop closures on the floor .
It seems like the vending machine on my floor know when I 'm gon na be around dietcoke gotmyname ironic
I just had to google what a Luddite is .
When you can make someone laugh so hard in just a wink of an eye .. but does n't apply on you .. pretend random
I kissed a French man this afternoon . But no tongues . Ironic
Wait for 7 months for a landline and the first call we get is from someone asking if we have had an accident in the last 2 years
Oh , the ! Thank you ; I missed that . Woe unto me .
Got some Xanax for a big upcoming flight . I should probably take one pre-trip to see how I react , but I 'm kinda anxious about it .
Hey , he 's only been dead 40 years ... dignityfail
Telling a room full of older , white , middle class people that we need to diversify our board away from older , white , middle class ironic
the press man could flight for his vacations Ironic
Back 2 back stories on the radio today : Unemployment lines shorter than they 've been in 42 years . Qualcomm to cut 15 % of workforce . ironic
Wilt the Stilt was in the second Conan , charging with guarding the princess ' virtue . Ironic
there 's nothing more ironic than listening to pink Floyd 's welcome to the machine at work ironic
What ? ? ? And what about all those Spanish muslims now then ? This is racism ...
But would they do the ironing ?
Say eating breakfast & amp ; this comes on over the radio ... 😂😂😂 ironic
Yet his daughter ended up and is still is the most corrupt of all .
I Can ’ t help but notice talking about point is `` Redundant '' BUT Ed SOUNDS exactly like
Just seen a woman who has trashed her new wheely bin in protest at untidy bins in Roath , Now it 's her bin that let 's the street down .
But she does for everything else . ironic AprilDies
Guys fully manoeuvered by AIPAC chanting that Kerry has been possessed by Iran , what an ... IranDeal
cwcc haha ... do it ! ( Everyone else did )
I keep drafting in Bournemouth players then removing them because they play for Bournemouth . Need to have more faith ! ironic
ys . dis is India & amp ; dis is a snap frm d leading daily ad-hungry newspaper . look at d ShameOnTOI
A French 1-2 at TDF2015 , they must be doping
How can you believe the system that exonerates criminals , murderers and money launderers ! ! ! ? ? ? If you do then all are angels .
And last year he got award for journalism ! !
Ironic The police tend to be the ones with the least respect for the law .
queen123 not even just wont drink .. she is disgusted by it !
Some fag who is wasting is time ddosing servers to make ppl go outside ...
This is why I let my wife do all the cooking so I do n't feel steriotipically masculine . TakeItDown
section 31 meant Sinn Féin could n't talk on the media and now the media wo n't stop talking about Sinn Féin .
Funny how ignorant Trumpers can shout about rinos when their guy is an avowed PROGRESSIVE .
Photo Credit : A dad on his phone . Ironic
Yet blacks want HRC elected . So nothing about their lives will change or improve .
I think my air might not be working . ThisHappenedLastTime ButThatWasTheHeat
The same day Mrs Thatcher was voted out as leader of the Conservatives , I seem to remember . Europe
Who cares she 's racist and close minded love her chicken tho ironic
OMFG ! RT Woman in wheelchair who fought for ADA can ’ t use tour bus OurADAStories ADA25 disability a11y
I 'm not made of money you know
And wen u r watching a black n white song .. Lyrics r .. Hariyaali aur Raasta .. 😕 I mean .. Seriously ... ? ? ? lyrics
Just saw Jonathan King on TOTP moaning about how infuriating the Rubik 's cube is .
Which lord knows better ? Find out next time on Dragon Ball Z ! Ironic
thanks 4 the acknowledgement & amp ; will do . By comparison my nzcustoms experience was brilliant
When peeps ask other peeps to stfu on Twitter but nobody shuts up becoz it 's on Twitter .
I once asked a sapiosexual why she 'Liked ' something I wrote , so she replied : ' I 'm a sapiosexual ' - I had n't the foggiest
Bing app on Android is better than Microsoft phones .
Shutting down an entire business city to host a business summit . GES2015
They originally wanted REM 's `` It 's the End of the World as We Know It , '' but REM does n't do ads .
Maybe USA voter suppression efforts should be focused on type of people who think Donald Trump should be president .
Tagging out of howlround to go do some playwriting for which I am getting paid .
Do not make statements about science if you do not know what you 're talking about . Ironic
getting an appartment in the middle of stockholm besides a 5-star hotel but for a 1/4 of the price 😂 smartgirls
Though I am seriously katsaridaphobic , my favorite show is `` Oggy and the cockroaches '' : Dcartoon phobia
This is a joke , right ?
Theodore Parker wrote several thousand letters in his life . This came from one of his last , in 1860 .
Just stepped into a piece of glass while listening to . ironic
Loved hearing some Ironic Thanks TeamBonneville
Predators ' Mike Ribeiro sued for alleged sexual assault on nanny So he 's truly a Predator
And to think that Shia LaBeouf was Even Steven
com someone in Italy truly should n't be talking about anyone else 's country 's HR abuses
Pretty much.Girls Math STEMeducation STEM Education
`` Im getting a little excited and need to calm down '' followed immediately by Metal SYSK Jingle . not lost on me ! RoadRage
That glorious moment you run of data when checking how much data you have left . dataproblems
OccamsRazorCuts : you would need some Viagra if your dating a stoprush hate skank ! Haha They sponsor Rush ! …
Alberta Human Rights Commission persecutes Erza Levant for criticizing it |
calls for investigation of the group releasing videos showing ppsellsbabyparts but applauded the secret recording of Romney .
he calls someone a fat cunt for ? ? ? ,
GOP establishment needs to stop being such purists and not attack our frontrunner . rino
TBT to when chicken sold itself . MmmSandwiches
you would need some Viagra if your dating a stoprush hate skank ! Haha They sponsor Rush ! tcot pjnet
Committing crimes instead of solving them .
is realizing that the Joker was really good at planning anarchy . DarkKnight
We all hate going to work but we also hate being broke too
WOW , & amp ; PROJECTION , YOU deny reality Rocket
God is a Spirit . He is Love and the Father of all Lights . People do n't believe in God but they believe in Love .
for today : My Beanstalk deploy failed because AWS suddenly changed ` ignore errors ` to ` ignoreErrors ` in their post-deploy API
is that big mic considering the Murdoch comments BillionaireOnBillionaireHate $ NWS
I like that you took a pic of the no photography sign ! ! LMAO ! ! Rebel
Irony : something unexpected ; use of words to convey opposite meaning SAT
No man would ever be asked about `` staying stylish '' either feminism
I really love OS X . This is a revolution : you do n't need to type any password to become root ( super admin )
The required senior yearbook portrait for girls is an off the shoulder cape , which would get her sent home from school . dresscodes ironic
The only ppl always disputing racism is the ones who arent experiencing it . Ironic huh
Just tried to pay for a bus journey with my AA Membership card numpty embarassed
Officially now on holiday seaside ironic
Can go to the HRC because the HRC are stepping on his rights ?
z Now this mentally retarded Grab Your Keyboards Guy teach about Imam
Sitting in bed , on phone , in ugly jimjams , organising models & amp ; a fashion show COME ALONG Auckland peeps !
best served cold ❄💎 karlmarx
is so confused ! How do they get funding for their crazy ideas ? kenham
I shop at weekly ; when I finally wannabuy an Amazon product ( ) , I go to because Amazon is sold out .
`` The only fair thing about life is death '' quotes wisdom proverbs Thursday life death unfair
if you are n't a little afraid of the power government has and what it is capable of you are too dumb to vote
Ai n't nothing gon na break my stride ! Well , except this bum ankle as I wait for an MRI . sweepstakes MyRunJam
cue the spelling nazis
This motherfucker got an american flag in his bio and saying you should just do what the police say .
Nothing makes me want to drink like writing a play about alcoholism .
All the Dodgers had to do to win a review was ask for a review in New York . ironic
I know ppl that got kids that do n't like kids
just like in comics ... broken windows lol marketing
I really hope that tweet was from the person who found your unlocked computer , and not from the real you ironic
Virgin maternity care . nhs ironic
Abbott : `` if we can have a conversation rather than a scare campaign . '' He actually said it . Cue auspol GST
..... with an LA hat on . ironic laraiders
Retweeted Stacey Little ( ) : Qualify through Fair Play League , two players sent off in the competition already ironic
Previously Election2013 were controversial & amp ; now this JCReport Gutted
West Ham qualified for Europe through fair play league , we 've already had 2 players sent off ironic
So MP and his goons vote 4 a beagle puppy farm to breed for laboratory testing ...... same dogs used for fox-hunting ? ! 😡
I do n't think so scooter
You sure he don ’ t just live in The Mission ? Ironic
these were the examples given . Look at the last one.IronyWakeUpAmerica
Shelley called me while I was listening to a Lana Del Rey song & amp ; neither of those things ever happen 😮 ironic
`` 9 Things The Most Productive People Do Every Day '' prolly does n't include reading single shot slideshows ...
Country that shoot rockets 1st started it ?
Hard 2 believe if Vegas had a team now they could sign Richards , Stoll and Heatly . Probably would n't even have to pay moving expenses
Helping out a friend on a tv show , apparently we 're a Christian band now . Sing . Dance . Sweat . God ? ironic
a Phone finger for his finger
Finally could justify spending money on a haircut and it ended up being free
A happy top of the 10th for the Tigers . .. no thanks to Feliz.ironywordsTHATSBASEBALL
Southern Living 's vacation guide for month of July . ironic
A child I teach gave me this card yesterday . Clearly I am a master of my profession teachers spelling fail
Good at one thing . But not good enough .
Enforcing your rights can get you killed .
This is my tbt of the week because I 'm just amused at the of it . Found it recently and was…
The Key To A Happy Marriage Is Letting Go - The Mid
I 'm sorry but the nurse looked overweight at the weight management clinic lolz 😂 fatchanceofwork
He went to `` France '' for `` work '' not & amp ; All He brought his kid was this lousy puppet ! pinnochio is Italian lie
I think it 's funny that if you are 5 minutes late for an appointment , they treat you like you just spit in their face ...
WHAT HAPPENED TO FACEBOOK ? ! WHERE IS IT ? ! HOW WILL I REGISTER MY DISDAIN TO PEOPLE I ALLOW IN MY WORLD WITHOUT IT ? !
. I just love it when starts bashing farmers & amp ; ag practices he does n't understand .
I mean ... a man/woman with THAT timeline is talking about the sadness of others ' existence
Innocent yet my heart was pounding and my hands were all sweaty going to the police station 🚓🚔🚨
I asked the clerk at if they had Inflatable Pinatas . He said , serious `` that 's a weird idea . Why would we have that ? ''
Haha ! Working next week in Las Vegas , I hope you bitches are ready !
I 'm into birds now ... Ironic SorryBoys Trax the juice
Sitting in a doc 's waiting room and the song that is playing sings `` we 're all just waiting , waiting to die . ''
Welcome to 2015 , when any contact between the two teams in any sports has people screaming vulgarities about sportsmanship
Hello Twitterverse ! Starting my fitness account on a rest day . ironic
Lonely summer nights .. ironic very
83 how many times will use the word scripted . Say something new . ironic
Qualify through Fair Play League , two players sent off in the competition already ironic
I actually could n't believe it so I kept looking into other languages but it also means that in Arabic so…
The best think pieces on how to avoid procrastination by tuning out distracting behaviors can be found on your Facebook news feed .
i think my graphs are worth as much as my boat .... lowrance sonar videogamefishing ironic
slowmoguys my hubby has spent all night watching your vids from the start who knew 4 hours could go so fast
Earth-like planet `` discovered '' by scientists who do n't even LIKE Earth .
password protection - is it fully secure ? ironic VBA excel
`` In my yearbook you told me To stay cool.-so I did '' Charles 's bio.irony
Writing a story about a 100 year old message in a bottle while listening to 'Message in a Bottle'Sting writingcanbefun writing
Line just heard in song Automatic : `` staying married was the only way to work things out . '' Ha !
Just a thought , but I have seen way more confederate flags since the banning discussion began . unintendedconsequences oops
you know you love books when you 're just as upset about a missing signed book as lost engagement ring hopeless
Stuck for weeks hahaha sorry ✌️ ironic
Whoever drafted the Customs Act 1969 was definitely on a prohibited substance .
Qualify through Fair Play and get TWO players sent off in two games
Lol at getting a ad on a programming tutorial video .
The Australian who never shuts up is complaining about staff who talk too much - - killmenowplease
So much that this is from the dude/shorty who did n't know the difference between sympathy and empathy
From the man/men who accuse Muslims of `` victim mentality '' followed by `` Oh us Quilliamites are being targeted ''
Meanwhile .... in Irony , I mean Israel Antimiscegenation Jerusalem
Microsoft Releases A Brand New 'Send ' App For iPhone For In-And-Out Email Android & amp ; Windows Phone users ? Wait .
We trust bankers with our money yet they dont trust us with there pens .. ! !
“ : Former congressman Anthony Weiner has new job as part-time PR consultant :
Haha , is this real life ? ironic
Note to self : hosiery and half nipple get a lot of likes on Instagram . censorship equality
Donald Trump says globalwarming was invented by the Chinese to usurp US competitiveness ... meanwhile Beijing ca n't see the sunset
is when you1 . Install an app2 . Marry a nasty user nicknamed `` the bull '' 3 . Launch a nasty app4 . Get dumped for acting like a bully
It 's funny calling fake when is a former corrections officer who stole his persona from
CNN 70s series installment about women 's right is sponsored by ? OK ... ifyousayso
Construction ! 23072015 Construntion Road Arlinghton Boston Massachusetts US ironic @ East…
I crave verbal affirmation , but when it is received I do n't know what to do with it so I end up disregarding it . ironic
For some reason that dude has me blocked . & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ;
Everyone is searching something exceptional on internet.Not for reading.But for sharing.Irony
Odds are most of these will be installed in California .
Ah . A conservative , freedom-loving FB friend deleted a comment of mine , ostensibly because he did n't agree with it .
I 'd be happy to but you see en route to I got stuck in traffic . ironic 😀
No one knows who made the fire hydrant . The patent was burned in a fire . ironic firehydrant
With Obama coming to KE the country gets to stall for 3days in almost all functional aspects but in turn tends to boost the economy .
A chef in Chopped , while making beef braciole : `` If I win $ 10000 , I 'll give it to the Animal Welfare Society . ''
Says the Socialist lol .
It 's Ironic that SJWs are some of the most Racist Bigoted people on the Planet , I 'm not saying all but many truly are . Hypocrites
lol is it ironic to hashtag WeFollowBack but then NOT follow back ? : / --
Haha . This really just happened . badboys lapd coincidence cops haha timingiseverything
omg guys I 'm iN THE SAME COUNTRY AS DAN AND PHIL lolzor swag yolo ironic
Do n't stress over shit you ca n't change . Irealized NoUse
Lawyer prosecuted by Canada for opinion re an absurd human rights commission FreeSpeech
You 've been sleeping on the person you 've been dreaming about
18th bday : buys first lottery ticket19th bday : works in mill that makes thermal paper used for printing lottery ticketsfullcircle
We always seem to love those who do n't give two crap about us AND the one who loves us we do n't give the time of day
yes but No Media we will be able 2knw howmany crs r being collected in Vavar Mosque @ Erumeli , used only 4their community !
Last 1 week in Ahmedabad before training What u expect - Khandvi Handva , Manekchowk , etcWhat u Get - SoupA SoupB SoupC 😨😓😖Irony
The handsome men of but missing Thom ! Photographer photobombed annexblockparty…
completely agree with you !
Fact that prove IndiansLoveGoldIrony
I do n't think you understand the definition of troll.Irony
This is me right now . sleep
I know a lot of people w/ full time jobs w/ salaries that smoke pot & amp ; those same people are yelling about drug testing for welfare .
When you tweet about yourself ironic
ironic today that I had plans & amp ; both requested today off & amp ; got it ... Job calls me TWO TIMES ! No calls yesterday or Monday I couldve worked !
Simultaneous iphone updates : CNN on mass shooting in LA & amp ; baby app saying `` 28 weeks , baby 's future looking bright ! ''
me : cleans all day while thinking about sins
You CLEARLY understand the concept of 'funny ' ...
PoliceNL 94 days and we leave for MCO ... Heading to MVMCP so we can see snow on Main Street ! ironic Frozen LetItGo
was the real deal w the devil . ironic
By the time u realize timing is important in life , it is already too late
I think I ’ m on the good side of crazy .
Oh here comes another ugly chick really ... BonoKnowsBest U2ieTour U2MSG U2NYC4
Photo What 's your point in replying to my tweet ?
I KNOW ! Is n't that great .
I hate Talking to strangers , is n't it that I love Twitter more over Facebook
When posts abt having no notes have notes
so says the person who ships a fake relationship from 2 years ago ironic 👀
Watching Trainwreck then realizing my life is a train wreck GoodOneAmy LebronWasStillGoodThough
I did n't feel like a whore until I became a corporate graphic designer .
IfIDieInPoliceCustody is a hashtag in `` the land of the free ''
Love Ironic 😍 y me sale👌💁TheVoice
Happy Friday everyone ! FunnyFriday
Here I am tweeting against sapiosexuals and there she has added Sapiosexual in her bio : (
And that 's the song/video which she is nominated for . ironic
. Far but not far enough.But dontcha just love hearing female millennials rant about all the things feminism gets wrong ?
And your point in tweeting this ?
People read whatsapp message in a bullet speed so that they can forward it to next suitable group.Irony PeopleNowadays
And now this gun loving Governor has to apologize for a mass shooting tonight in his own state guncontrol 😏
Challenge accepted . challengeaccepted challengecompleted
so Australia 's `` Ending the propaganda war '' by using their own propaganda , thereby adding to the propaganda war ...
: late 20s/30s ppl r imprisoned in office cubicles — Monica Bellucci playing Bond Girl & amp ; Milind Soman completed Iron Man race at 50 .
Calling someone a bigot and a hun in the same tweet is a fairly epic fail at claiming the moral high ground .
Ppl share once their physical health is not good . Why ppl never admit that their mental health is not good .
At times it 's more subtile but it 's all very real . I could write a book on this one . You probably have . NotBeingRude
Ironic street name of the day : Brooklyn 's Park Ave ItLiterallyRunsUnderTheInterstate
In the climate debate , is a dish often served cold ...
and almost all in cities with strict gun control and in Gun-Free Zones .
Kind of ironic - printer required to send you the broken printer you sent me !
IntheDark I 'm never mean LOL ! ! hence the hashtag haha
Making progress before the day starts , up early and working on le dankest dungeon from le reddit memes . 1st bit of weald+ruins done .
another wall , it worked last time 😂😂😂😂 the Americans would n't get !
Single Bellyache Cure ....
.. oooh the in `` justice '' moving in mysterious ways ey ? ; - ) )
Hoardings are cheaper than sending texts ? Spending tax payers money on not so theek kaam
Ca n't sleep cuz I 'm too pumped for the concert tomorrow but at the same time I have to wake up early cuz of the concert tomorrow
You ca n't even make those very expensive steel wind turbines without coal !
IRONIC NICEPAYRISEYOUHAVETHERE
I suspect it will not make much real difference ...
I hope the video was shot in her kitchen !
Yeah , I realize I 'm one of the people who add oh-so-inspirational quotes on landscape photos and post them on social media . ironic
Only Phicshawn Ironic lol
forum Morality is just a uniform that many of them now wear for their work . Many have even become bullys
In a democracy , parliament is not being let to function .
Now Cardale Jones is offended that someone suggests he should focus on football ?
The first time in YEARS the government does the right thing and everyone is in a twist
1st MNF back in Oakland . Atwater . Backbreaking flags . Carr kinda reminds me of Hostetler . Timmy is stuntin . Musgrave on Den bench . Irony .
best example of great content with ugly UI
Russia has a privacy law on marketing kgbexempt
So , who 's the real proggod ? Find out on today 's Pie Chart because it 's PieChartDay progressiverock
Hope they noticed the rubbish in the streets because they 've cut back on litter pickers .
Amnesty UK is spied on - UK Government now has information on human rights defenders and victims of abuse .
Liberals eliminating civil liberties ? Labor not working ? What 's next , the Greens stopping it ?
See how pro-govt media once covered today 's leading ISIS suspects who have been arrested in police raids .
And TheMeekMoose laughs and snorts .
Now does n't the LafayetteShooting incident count as an act of terror ? Oh wait , he aint muslim so it 's just an 'incident ' right
Twitter ID intended ? & gt ; Ca n't & lt ; Bike Ride ? Goodcause though . Hope good turnout ! Cycling = future .
We live in democracy , a system supports freedom of mankind.And then we have Censor board to decide what we can see what we ca n't .
Genuinely can not believe my phone was stolen in Hamburg , especially on a day when there is an 'Anti-Theft ' campaign . ironic
Maybe you have been drinking ; the word is `` polls '' not `` poles '' .... irony
The church roof remains leaky while the vicar buys a convertible 😂Irony
. bemoans app ads but fail to realize their site redirects to App Store in iOS
Bertens You only have to see the effect of a Zero defence budget for 30+ yrs on Germany & amp ; Japan to see the benefits . Ironic
Is This a Selfie ? selfie photography
The one night I do n't want to be alone everyone ducks on me
lol yeah , I missed that part from the original tweet I did correct it in another . Inspire them an they will vote
ca n't get enough internet signal to load twitter notifications ... fixbushbroadband
Interest in int ' l relations ? Law of the seas ? Check this out : | piracy treachery
That bottom paragraph made me giggle , haha robbing bastard
Wishubg that i can go to Vidcon . So i can see my fav youtuber . poorme 😥😢😭
I do yoga on a weds night normally , but been covering someone at gym last 2 weds ... ironic Normally no problems ! : )
I 'm what these , 'The New Ireland ' types hate . A queer that thinks religion is nonsense.Yet one of them uses my work for his avartar .
DECC : Department for Enhancing Climate Change ?
| Does Diesel Technology have Rights ? Please PR Agencies , do n't make it too emotional ...
Lol butttt I just got up out of my bed to urine 😂
I guess I ca n't get enough ... more now than ever ironic
As I 'm preparing to say see you later to my Lil niece who has given me joy these last cpl wks , I get word my paternal aunt has passed
`` Gun violence '' haha , like the gun reads the story and gets all kinds of ideas in its head .
daretowear she 's getting a makeover for his family reunion ?
Who don ’ t love sleeping in 38 degrees
as I tweet that on a fucking iPhone
Maggie had high Lead content but Pan Masala seems to be of high nutritional value
aillis 511 11 toneytone
Nothing as ironic as a SJW remtard who uses the term `` irony '' without knowing its proper meaning . moron
Ironic how this happens as soon as the Lafayette shooting ... wonder which one will get more air time😒✋🏾
Oh the irony ... train delays ... packed platforms ... running a workshop today in the big smoke with the above as a key focus .... delays
They 'll deny it but be doing it . Not even surprised ironic
WTactualF Tory says POTUS should stay out of domestic UK politics . reports it as rare intervention . ironic
Too funny NOT to post ! ! ironic reel sportz ike mrgvm mrnick332
Funny thing is I left the store in a hurry to run after a lady who forgot her milk and ended up forgetting something myself . ironic
how amazingly you taught Indians , we were doing it right all along . marketing india
And it rains .... and we 're going camping tomorrow !
Weirdos . Now , back to me fantasizing about you as a robot while I rub mayo on my scalp .
while reading your article , had to laugh at this contextual banner advertising
Have you seen our new post on Facebook ? ironic Like us : )
best evidence top 5 pitchers in WAR and Cole was n't among them
So apparently Hulk Hogan said this about The Rock and black wrestlers in general . BlackWrestlersMatter
I find this hilarious and sad ! sadtruth
After advising IK what he should do after JC report start bashing those who are advising Bilawal how to do politics .
1 is that 35.000 in British pounds with the queen head on it ...
My blankets are like modern-day finger-traps ; the only way to get out of them is to give in to them . PopPunk
People measure in terms of RhodeIsland , but nobody 's ever been here . That or they think it 's part of NY .
Do you drink Indonesian Coffee ? nasionalism idealism philosophy fact lifestyle
is when 'Masterblaster ' by Stevie comes on . 🎶It 's hotter than July🎶 . Yep . turnsonlightsbefore5
My dream about work was interrupted .. by work calling
said nigga too , but it 's okay cuz he owns the whole thing setup HulkHogan helped build the when it was WWF
Just finished an essay on why I have such a hard time getting paid for my work . This is the 2nd thing I ’ ve written for free this wk . ironic
So is speaking on all body types being represented ... ironic that she does n't rep her real body type . noshade ijs
Watching reruns of Glee makes me sad . ironic
Made the perfect `` rainy day mood '' playlist on a bright and cheerful Friday
265 high-end apartments proposed at defunct Kenner movie theater via
I literally fell asleep as soon as I posted the tweet about you two falling asleep ....
No chance of Emergency Services getting up the road You need to sort this Going to be too late ..
Life is too short to wait for someone , somewhere , but it gets bigger when you bullshit all day on Twitter
Today is National FUCK OFF day
Can you imagine if Diaby got injured on his medical ? 😳
evans nyc So your response to a troll bothering you , is to become a troll yourself and try to `` shame '' me ? BLOCKED !
What to do With the Angry Daughter ? . ironic
We also hate it when this happens wowwhataday funny
I 'm so excited to hear the results of Burundi Elections . Wonder which from P.Nkurunziza or Pierre N. will win ? ?
I would buy something at that green market outside NBC today , but I have no money because i spent it on cookies .
you might want to rethink that insult . Is n't that how she committed suicide . at its finest
So the shooter was a white man . Shocking
NVQ unit on health and safety on a Friday , yeah I 've had better ideas , have found some 3mth out of date jaffa cakes to get me through
Wife `` We are meeting new family members tonight , so no devil clothes '' Me `` So I ca n't wear the shirt you bought me ? ''
I think it 's funny that people ask me for relationship advice ironic
The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence gets a $ 100m boost We ca n't find intelligence HERE .
teamsleepy came up with a road trip hash tag . bosstldr tldr ironic twitter
Does he do nothing other than critique people who work in media ? ironic
Looking for house on rent in Bandra ! Will pay in UI/UX design inputs , social media advice and startup coaching ! Please fav . LOL
PERRY COMO : The bluest skies you 've ever seen are in SeattleWEIRD TWITTER : nice brand bro . Who did this fam ? ? ? ? 😂😂😂 It me
lol how dumb are you ? You tweet me saying stop stalking genius
21 day fix infomercial playing inside Dairy Queen
Meanwhile Detroit seeks to make an example of .
Funny that the commander in charge of suicide did n't even get to blow himself up . We did his job for him .
For all the times Hulk Hogan has said brother ... is it ironic that he apparently does n't care too much for the `` brothas '' Ironic
I think we will plan that for the future . In the present , we are too busy doing 'bandas ' .
People who are always advertising blue signs , but have never left their state . Funny . Should n't you know the product you sell .
The most interested people in any meeting are the ones who hardly care ! Ironic workplacefun QuotebyKhalid
chuckie54 he says caring enough 2 b tweeting about aberdeen and celtic ! 🙈
Writing an article about stress relief while I am stressed out .
Wassenaar : Using Flash to watch CSISLive panel 'Decoding the BIS Proposed Rule for Intrusion Software Platforms ' w/ -- Oh ,

Iam not supporter of 4 DCW , bt a country wherePresident & amp ; governor belong to pol party & amp ; Swati rejected bcz C is close2AAPIrony
Colin Colin makes comments about general lack of intelligence of Dominicans , and they respond unintelligently Ironic Lol
yes exactly . Like when I wear my `` I Do n't Eat Crap '' shirt while eating ice cream .
I do n't like the team , I do n't trust any of them to be fair . 😡 Mind you , he basically won it on the flat .
Goodbye dear friend
What Trump has done most effectively…is make the media machine look like big fat bloated pompous asses……
TGIF TechSupport Noun , Read About this Ironic Term ... Insane LAB RATS ! ? !
My body can barely recover from a night of drinking but can still feel wide awake despite only four and half hours of sleep
Gormley : What happened to minding your own business ? ironic southshallriseagain
but got ur point !
rich that the right wants to let `` the market decide , '' but then wants to keep the consumers in the dark
👈🏾 ran across a lot of temporary ass chicks , but seem to always want consistency IRONIC 😎👐🏾
miller got an award for `` Most Spares '' in 5th grade bowling . great at the time but now it 's a slap in the face
it 's always Friday but your meal deals are Mon to Thurs ?
Watching this wifi commercial praise the service while watching a 2nd tech in 2 weeks figure out why my service wo n't work
Florida criminal defense attorney 's sports car stolen after leaving keys in vehicle . legal lawyer ...
Is n't it life takes all exams on time but results one never get on time ! ! ! ! !
White males want less gun restriction because they know ... White males Love to shoot people that ca n't shoot back . Lafayette
Crazy pArt abt me is when one girl act up I jus get a badder one how ironic
. one of best programs ever did n't even have Glenn and crew did it allBestAudioClips
Hulk Hogan had a theme song in the ring ... what was it , again ? Oh , that 's right : '' I am a real American . `` irony RacismInAmerica racism
& lt ; & lt ; == THIS guy is accusing someone ELSE of telling LIES ? ? ? ?
Alone , around 450+ human beings.irony
Spare a thought for progressives in America who have to praise Bill and Hillary Clinton as 'outstanding ' for lack of any others .
Wearing a winery shirt while working out . healthy ¯\ ( ツ ) /¯
MTS you need to improve cell phone signal at Austin Mb . Signal is so poor I ca n't find the Twitter acct for MTS ironic
what about the points really
Watchin rain turn outfield green while drinkin Likely Brewery Summer ale
My newest Cover Ironic by via
HITsm T5 : Most relevant HIT confs ? Non-HIT confs : social , mobile , analytics , cloud , workflow , NLP , ie tech diffusing in2 HealthIT ironic
The Polykinetics Paradox ! science wtf FitnessFriday
BernieSanders calls for $ 15/hr min on page in which he offeris pay of $ 12/hr
The one day I take off from work and I miss my kids the whole time 😭 whatswrongwithme
Indeed we are not a hotbed of terror , but why are we under house arrests again ? JustAsking
I am stressing about an assignment that is ABOUT stress .
Harris hahaha I 'm actually staying in for once 🙈😂 ironic
ArmedCivilians at recruiting centers . Protecting the military which they Hate & amp ; spout to be UnAmerican .
Quintana beats VaVaFroome by 30 seconds ! Must be doping .
You 're the shadiest person I know so it 's no surprise that you drive a Dodge . ActorLife LehighValley
My PCP uses paper charts Her security is better Cost of business is less HITsm
Technology is totally unreliable ! ( Says the person who is tweeting via iPhone )
At least it happened right in front of a hospital
The photograph of Chě Guevara that 's been reproduced more times than any other image for $ $ $ s CheGuevara
When you 're over your life and sitting at your shitty desk job and `` I Do n't Care '' comes on . These are the moments I live for thankU
Today it was revealed that a white celebrity went ona racist tirade.In unrelated news Happy Birthday Michael Richards ! kramermania
areyoukiddingme ironic those that do n't need will likely be a lot less well off with NDP govt . muchhighertaxrate
So , the pro-gun group create a culture of fear and violence , then blame the culture , not the guns ? nra LafayetteShooting
nawfr ironic : the more you connect , the less you connect
I went to the dentist the other day and it 's true ! ! ! The Top Dentist Award comes on a little PLAQUE ironic 😬😄😁
Ship abandons globalwarming research do to excessive ice tcot pjnet
Had a service apt scheduled for today , woke up with a dead battery
Clueless 's daft McCainFeingold Law guaranteed only BlowhardBillionaires like could run for Prez
The cruel and terrifying of theaters as targets - Washington Post - Washington Post
Evry1 qustions d logic f spending Rs 22 lakhs 4 security bt no one cares d loss of lives due to violence in the absence of security
. My friend in W Africa wants to come here . I cant buy him , ship him over & amp ; free him . + No other options
WTF worthy ! ! - The Polykinetics Paradox ! science Fitness
And worse , R.I.C.O was hands down his best song on his album .... Featured drake
You have to laugh , offer 100mb on my super poor broadband , service so bad ca n't even load a webpage to accept the offer
Commons Speaker slammed for 'obscene waste ' over travel costs . Oh my this is hilarious Bercow
Serious tho ... ! 😣😣😣😣 prolife lifeonmars ironic justthinking toonive4u
'To win masterchef would be the cherry on top ' ... oh the lol
I ca n't remember where I put my DHA pills ironic
AC in my car goes out when the heat index is in the 110 's
outside Hollywood office .
Kejriwal spends 546 Crs on useless Ads - No outrage Fadanvis spends Rs.22 Lakhs for security on Yakub Memon 's hanging day - OutrageIrony
Learning about Reward Punishment in class today . ironic truelife
Thanks for allowing me to listen to podcasts on sleeping and eating while I went for my long run today . runchat
Hooray for the rain ! yvrweather ironic raindance
“ : Bill Cosby -- I Got My Quaaludes from a Gynecologist
TIL : The Manning award in college football takes postseason performance into account . Something they are n't known for in the NFL
`` social justice '' - Hmmmmmm ,
Story ( P-2 ) : My response - That 's like blaming the firefighter for a building catching fire .
they should teach the kids a lot more . The modern mothers have less time for kids and more for their IPhones and iPads
As seen in the new issue of The New Yorker . dilla
Self explanatory ! JudicialCommission pti ImranKhan
Out of the box thinking .
Ryland struggling with his fish dish to a table that 's at home eating fish celebritymasterchef oherrmissus
wait putting a label on something because a small group does it sounds familiar . I just cant put my finger on it . ironic
On the way to Catawba and wonderwall starts playing . ironic
Escape your raining state for the Sunshine state . Sunshine state is raining .
feline People supporting a sexual offender talking abt stupid
husband - `` I 'm about 400 steps off my target today , I 'm away a walk to to the spar shop for chocolate '' MiFit
The songs I generally dislike are always the ones that touch my core when I 'm going through ! ironic
Some cities outlaw homeless car sleepers while makes money/makes it hip doublestnd
Yes , this is real : PlannedParenthood Uses Movie to Defend Selling Parts of Aborted Babies Classy ironic
I hate it but I let people step all over me & amp ; then once I stand up for myself I get called a bitch ? Oh
You make me laugh . ironic facepalm
Although I 'm da mug begging for a girls acceptance LOOOL
At the instagram lounge . ironic
Some guy on a Segway just called me an asshole
says the spawn of the most successful practitioner of racist eugenics . ironic
when kids play PS3 they only look at screen never the controller , when they play football there head is always down ironic
Mad init Lance Armstrong rode a stage of the tour this year n gets a warm welcome from locals yet race leader gets pissed an spat on !
because we did n't order a drink . Lol .
Here 's a blog talking about how blogging is vain .
Men spend their teen years trying to get rid of their boners & amp ; their twilight years trying to get them . God is a humorist . erections
This is what 's known as ironic
Lex is at the same party as my future husband ironic 6figures
The of clubs 😂😂😂💯 prop215 comegetitrecords on that LOUD sanfrancisco HELLLLLLLLO…
That I had 9 months ago .
Chicest couple on the dirtiest block westvillage friday pav7 hiser81 @ Chateau Dumpster West…
Cracked my phone trying to put a protective case on it
Now that vinyl is cool again , stores are going to have to redesign their displays 'again ' to make room .
Loving Jason Manford 's criticism of cheating husbands on thelastleg
thebodyguard at thebodyguard ironic well done amazing show ! 👍
let me guess- you r going to go with the Canadian Texan TedCruz tcot ironic gop
Reasons why minimum wage should n't be raised . It already cost me my job . ironic
Been chasing a boxing dream for some years now & amp ; I 'm glad people finally see I 'm not crazy . All by me being crazy in an interview lol
Just got a lecture about how my dress was `` totally see-thru '' from a middle aged lady in line at ... Wait for it ... Trashy Lingerie .
Is n't it funny how NationalTequilaDay fell on a Friday ? ironic
The only way in or out is over the detour sign .
I 'm not qualified and I do n't work for free . I can pay taxes though just like u Schizoid opposes mental health
Having sushi next to a table of ppl that work for SeaWorld . ironic ( @ Toyko Sushi & amp ; Grill in Orlando , FL )
JOKER T SHIRT . Ha Ha Ha , No t shirt . Birthday gift . Sarcastic , ironic t shirt. , LINK :
Is it ironic or badly that oysters are being killed off by herpes ?
I 'm curious if is who was tweeting about ? Hahahaha
Of course I cut my hand after I pack the bandaids 😔
We are prisoners of our own property ironic abstract drawing
A Delta party is currently happening in the Christian basement . They are all well in their 50 's AlumniWeekend2015
Being a supervisor is like being a servant . They will ask more from you than you will ask from them .. ServantLeaders
I had a friend in HS whose dad took him out early to watch the Italy games . We went to an American History HS .
Oh that is rich-seriously GovJindal is gon na stand there & amp ; talk about people trying 2 make political points off this tragedy ? ? inners
Citizens United made it really easy for grifters to use a POTUS campaign for book tours and speaking fee Viagra . GOP ClownCar
Cespedes is batting .291 with 14 homers . Facing the man we traded for him right now .
Looks like has decided to destroy Colin on the way out . It 's crazy how these analysts are killing him ... ironic
Hmmmm ... even my horoscope is warning me not to eat/binge today .
saw him in Germany QTR final .... think he was on a drugs ban ? ?
`` White moves first and seeks to gain an advantage . Black moves second and seeks to gain ... '' ... `` equality '' . lol Jeopardy chess
When I feel like thinking and speaking Raffaello pop contemporaryart LoveWins renaissance Tomorrowland
Sometimes the in life makes me curl up on the floor and laugh uncontrollably . God help them if I win the lottery .
Unlike the of the McDonald 's on the Guy 's Hospital campus .
she got fired for discriminating against gay ppl and she suing bc she feels discriminated .
When you become so jaded that you think the only person you can depend on is yourself , then you realize you 're not dependable . That 's
Ted Cruz accuses Mitch McConnell of lying , something that they both do frequently and without shame .
Blue Moon is n't even old enough to drink itself
SHAHID Same Halabja Kurds now fighting for ex bathist Islamic state
Transcribing at 6:30 on Friday night so I do n't have to do it on Monday . TreatYoSelf ironic
`` That future strife may be prevented now '' -King Lear
I like how you spelt drunk wrong ...
July 24 : Bard on the Bandstand 2015 : The Winter 's Tale is cancelled tonight due to winter wetness .
But better wheelchair users are inconvenienced than people spend an extra two minutes in their cars , right ? !
I was born on a hot summer afternoon but i prefer winter and night😂
right so if I hashtag would that make it clearer ?
. ah , right , you had to move to do Boston weather ... ironic how 's things ?
Me instagramming them snapchatting in the wilderness
. and ppl say women are emotional !
South Carolina took down one flag and raised thousands more !
I 'm not able to drop enough weight to be on `` The Biggest Loser . `` Also , I 'm too much of a loser .. IronyOrCoincidence
Left my iPhone 6 and EBT card at the strip club
Blue Box Everything is too much work for the Labour crowd . : P
Read the Bible ! - the Devil TheMessengers
If it were n't so annoying , I might find it funny that my account was hacked to send out a weight loss spam ad .
newspapers are getting hammered due to pension issues and their Ed boards are against pension reform
JohnRussellHouser who shot up the movie theater in Louisiana was showing Trainwreck the is hilariously terrible
The Locals desert KingsCross cafes for stalls by visiting merchants in fitzroyGardens
Amen . Men & amp ; Women LeftBrainRightBrain Ironic
In retrospect this was a horribly named record.BillCosby BillCosbyIsARapist unfortunate
Leviticus 19:28 `` You shall not make cuttings in your flesh 4the dead , NOR TATTOO any marks upon you . Im the Lord . ''
What a goof ...
revel in the that a 'kipper ca n't cope with basic English ..
So I was politely asked to move out of my hotelroom today . Seems I didnt have a reservation . So rude . ironic neverendingtour
Funny how I get hacked by someone trying to tell people they should lose weight while I 'm getting fat and pregnant pregprobs
Chavan Shreesant fate will b decided today but Mudgal commiittee gave sealed envelope some name out
Alanis morissette explains my life right now ironic yououghtaknow
Did n't someone say the other day how they heard good things about and from Über ? Ironic dore
Ironic grammar : you can use to something . slang words
TEDxTauranga ' A dirty little secret ' Dr. Harold Hillman integrity exemplaryimposter gay
I met the woman who wrote , '' I am Woman Hear me Roar '' & amp ; she ended our exchange by asking me if my pianist was single or not . realtalk
Kind of makes him look black and blue ironic
When you need someone to talk to but you 're speechless ironic
I 'm cool with deep fried things .... But Slim Fast Bars is going too far . really ?
My last bitch who was 18 said I was too immature so now I 'm fuckin a 28 year old lol WhyLie and she say I act grown for my ago lol
I 'm kinda tired of this little piece of plastic controlling everything and everyone . ironic
Why Kattapa Killed Bahubali ? The nation want to know-If Kattapa has no answer , he should resign ... 😂 such is
Bad thing - our website has crashed due to the traffic . Good thing - our website has crashed due to the traffic .
Hey twitter if you 're want people to take interest in your promoted tweets do n't make em anti uber websites on a social media hub
As ObamaInKenya touts AfricaOnTheMove on , botton of screen is news of 40 Africans drowning on move to Europe . ironic
carter reynold 's fans are calling their generation fucked up ...... yall have no idea . ironic
The white man who stole land from & amp ; slaughtered Natives then passed immigration laws protecting themselves frm similar fate
Tomlinson -dnt hate on me.hate on carternext moment-Oh carter i love u so muchLoyalFan
S4E9 where the voice of was used to portray a black cop who took a bribe .
The leapfrog is so funny as sing in the rain ... Lol ironic 😄😃
No wolverines left in MI .
Ppl expect overnight magic from a non congress govt . is congress come back is like reset to factory settings india politics
reports the man who 's Twitter handle is ironic thatsgottahurt
My cat shirt just got peed on by a cat
1021 peep my last tweet lol ironic
I 'm not feeling the second season of American Horror Story .... ironic
than .. ironic 😂 “ : Yes I know how to solve a rubix cube ...... Yes that makes me smarter then you . ”
Bloody poor audio . Bloody brilliant ifyouaretheone
so many souvenirs ! ! ! ironic
is how do you open a new pack of scissors ✂ ? ironic oldscissors
jablan : FioraAeterna Did you find the link to the online shop ? Do they take paypal or bitcoin ? Paypal C…
Chuffed that theBeano uses magic to promote subscriptions ironic bigfan
ironic realtor moved b/c they could n't afford the rent ! ! ! shadenfreude
Irony ? Obama Has Been Bad For Race Relations - -
That last tweet left me 69 characters WherIsThatBroHighFiveEmoji
They say something funny and make you cry ; what 's supposed to be sad makes you laugh.irony TooMuch
He was however appointed as a reformer to clean up the thieving of most MP 's
US civilians r using 2A RightToBearArms to protect them from military of an overbearing govt to protect that military r4today ? The
Yes . You 're a legend ! From the theist who laughed at being called brainwashed earlier .
The homie is Tweeting me from a prison cell ?
Some English tea ... For breakfast Ironic ☕📷 WorkingTime ... Baby Pat will join daddy at his 1sr day off
I want a grilled burger with jalapeños and cheese . But i just ate bran bread to reduce calorieintake at its peak
nor will the mass killings ironic
Considered once one of most secure service 'Blackberry ' getting shutdown quoting security reasons .
Criticising a real journalist 's integrity but praising Phil a PR company 's former stooge . churnalism
You just let a redneck racist make you afraid of cotton .. IRONY RebelFlag while you were looking at that 15 niggas got killed by cops .
Why she got ta have that name if she keeps complaining ironic
Is n't it weird how the Silent Barn is so loud ? ? ? checkmateatheists
Did you find the link to the online shop ? Do they take paypal or bitcoin ?
I was struck by the image of M. Theresa and Hitchens you showed . It appeared as if Hitchens was indeed needing to be fed .
HMRC estimate 5 billion deficit from undeclared ebay sales . At last ! How much has this extremely obvious outcome cost the tax payer ? Ironic
Go see it and see for yourself why you should n't go see it . media experience
It 's ironic when the Delhi Police Commissioner comments on where police should be housed considering it 's dismal performance now .
Took sleeping pills and they had an opposite effect .
Watching witches of east end . 2 sisters are named Wendy & amp ; Joanna . Wendy is the wild rebel , Joanna is the calm collected one Ra7 Ironic
Yeah , it sucks when someone does something to you that you clearly do n't want them to do , does n't it ?
So many good things are happening to me right now that I just feel like crying ! ironic
I can smell the bunnings sausage sizzle from my gym . This is evil . bunnings sausagesizzle gym fitness
I saw this play in the same news channel u refuse to give interview but give them money to run this ?
she just now is Finally playing the game , herself ! ! Lol ironic crackingmeup
Just heard the voiceover on saying 'More music variety ' before playing 'Torn ' by Natalie Imbruglia
That moment when you realize , the weight of the school bag is discussed but not the quality of education ! education
We live in such a era where , artificial lemon flavor used for `` Welcome Drink '' & amp ; real lime used in `` finger bowl '' ...
Froome takes a min and we are deafened by doping calls Quintana takes a min & amp ; 30 and we are deafened by silence tdf15 ironic
... would have solved some of this problem , but the networks killed it , thus killing themselves .
Love seeing people condemning a person for something they do themselves 😂😂 .
Currently working in Mckenzie County in North Dakota ... Ironic
The only thing constant about life is CHANGE ! irony worthpondering
Oh goodness . An alligator just ate a nuetria rat . Now he 's coming for me . About to do a death roll . Louisiana wildlife
( +18/21 ) bout a girl doin ' topless drawing illustration watercolour daring art originalart postcards
The only store w/the jeans I want & amp ; & amp ; & amp ; in my size , believe it or not issssss dunt dunt dahhhh `` Rainbow '' & amp ; they got a 5∗ rating .
Word of the day : hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia , which is the fear of long words .
Hahaha , Manu Raju just said `` Throwing bombs on this deal right away '' re Iran nuclear deal.Clever pun uppers
Woke up at 6 AM to some guy screaming at people across the street ( whom I could hardly hear ) to `` stfu and go inside ''
Last night 's AnniversaryGames was great apart from the food running out 1 hour after the doors open . It 's sponsored by ironic
Not me , Love . I 'm a man . tragedy
Instagram : by unithalis - This Picture has a lot of in it . The AirAsiaIndonesia TurnBackCrime right behi…
Plot twist : I 'm the nicest and most reasonable person you 'll ever meet but it sure does n't look like it ...
Arabic restaurants filled with Indians and Indian restaurants filled with Arabs . Dubai TrueStory
demanding respect from others when you treat others with none RespectForCarter ironicHave RespectForYourself ladies not this cunt
your calling James mcclean a bigot lmao ironic
using a children 's movie minions to support the murder of babies for profit ironic do n't u think
SJW atheism/skepticism is dividing in half again , for the sake of inclusivity ftbullies atheismplus
... says the man who is seven feet tall . ironyrhyming
watercolor art arte acuarela of mine about a rebel girl defying sanctimonious gossips ironicart drawing
Cant sleep when hubby 's here , cause he snores . Cant sleep when hes away , cause he 's away
i 'm watching a walk to remember , an english movie , for the very first time he he he how amazing is that 😅👌💕 ironic
The thing about storms is they ca n't contain themselves , and this becomes their unravelling writerslife rainydays micronarratives
DOH says 16 % more likely to die at w/e but wants to increase w/e admissions with non-emergency work . handsoffnhs
So in Back to the Future 2 they wear super odd futuristic clothes - who knew we 'd actually be dressing like they did in the 80s ! ! ironic
grate ? spelling edit Great !
The in the Land of the FreeDouble when you consider solar panels banned in Sunshine State
Isaac 's ironic drawing kidartist kidswhodraw illustration ARTtv
Corruption ki baat aur wo bhi aap died dude
The of this tweet after the UN already voted in favor of the deal.Trying to make the US look bad to the entire world
“ : Oh very very dearie me ! ca n't retweet enough poetic justice
You are a nun & amp ; you want to become a doctor but you wo n't sacrifice symbolism for people 's lives . Religion AIPMT
My parents worked on farms , now I visit them for fun on the weekend . Ironic MoCoFarmTour
Record the snoopers being snooped upon . Brilliant . snpfail
All my too strong it can make ur metal fall ( metaphor ) believe that KTTM
Going right over the heads of people bringing up black on black crime as a response .
Major clue that they 're not journalists , which means they should n't have access in the first place .
hotel Transylvania on star movies bleh ironic why ?
it always cracked me up to see a raw food `` cook '' book ...
Johnson87 amusingly West Yorks police have stuck the fascists in the roughest gay pub in Wakefield : - )
37 sorry I was distracted by the umpires bouncing the ball sideways and not calling it back . Sponsored by OPSM ironic
Passing through Iberville Parish . So many alligators and brown pelicans just walking 'round Louisiana wildlife
The Immoral Minority : So now Sarah Palin wants you to boycott companies ... wellwellwell rotflmao stoprush
hey Clifford , go fuck yourself . You 're a foreigner right there telling British people what to think .
Two horses whose best form has been on fast ground fight out the finish of the King George Ironic GoldenHorn
Says the one who never accepted to debate
Great advert , makes you proud to be English
CJ in today 's Pakistani SC reminds me of Judge Turpin in Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Streetirony doomedjustice
I get high before i go buy my weed .
Russian hostess also has the dream of a world free of violence and war ? oh the PrelimDraw
CAPCO-funded blog praises area 's food/ pub/ cultural/ live music - now dying thnx 2 Capco EC1/2 cull
Think Mclaren did n't think this picture out very well when posting about Alonso & amp ; Button 's poor qualifying ...
How I love this moment when my family is scanning the oldest pics and realized how time flies so fast . ironic time family
sponsored by yet fans live in the dark hidethestash AFLDonsPort drugcheats
girl how am I supposed to sleep with you BUGGIN me all night 😉 ha
the soundtrack is so beautiful it 's so chill but i cant keep my chill
now the ones who hang sea world out to dry will be crying for them to help save the whale ... darwinism 3CH
Those who make u laugh the most are often the ones you have the power to hurt the most . bleh ironic
watercolor on an inexpert boy in a department store watercolou art drawing illustration
A proud religion having a fiasco . Oh , the
The following comment was from a Collingwood supporter about Carlton ... NAVYBLUES
Hulk Hogan racist ? Curse you world ! You do n't want us to have any heroes do you ? ShakesFist
Homer is sadly mistaken , as both St. Peter and know well ... princeofpeace mademesmile
Too late for love ironic DefLeppard
Recipe for a great , post-run Saturday morning : qcrc runcr summer
: in my ol ' hometown and a big truck adorned with a confederate flag parks next to us , the driver adorned with a `` freedom '' tattoo .
Thousands of followers and yet ambivalent about the tweet as an art form . FollowMe and be my very special friend . Sincerely I 'm Ironic
Whilst hundreds of immigrants risk their lives to get out of France , thousands of us English pay a fortune to get there !
Oh really Ravens owner ? Speaking of getting away with murder sorelosers
Do n't be influenced by everything you read and see here .
is n't this a cynical statement ? ? ?
The first black female millionaire in the US was the woman that popularised hot combs for straightening afro hair ironic
Im not a big football fan but the Ravens saying the Pats have gotten away with murder for years is hilarious to me
San Francisco starts using 'pee-proof ' paint to stop public urination ironic in the bathroom whilst reading this .
Hey US how are you Americas most convenient bank when your ATM near my house is always out of service few times every week ?
She orders Pizza . Throws and says 'not tasty ' . Far away another girl founds a piece of bread on road , eats and says 'thanks god ' .
“ I want my glasses ” by Reading Tolkien TLOTR Glasses Book
The is , if you follow history of that photo , was originally posted on pro-police website .
these people will have supported drug cheats like hero 's for years ironic they now act this way bellends
elle p read Chevron at an Exxon station for
LV tweet this as the poolside terrace is on fire ! timing cosmopolitan
YOU CAN EAT ONE VEGGIE BURGER IN YOUR LIFE IT WO N'T KILL YOU .
SomeoneTellCNN a hotbed of idiocy and outdated propaganda reporters in nairobi
When my high school friend whose become an English language teacher uses You 're instead of Your in their status ... IRONIC
The nurse had to move my surge out of the way to take my pulse . DonateBlood
Tweeting in the woods hipster
Post that pic with a hashtag . You wannaget mentioned because you need the attention . Anonymos deadlyalbum
Today EducateNotEradicate is used to promote Confederate Flag , previously used for 'Save the Wolves ' & amp ; educating on mental illness Ironic
tolle coulombe oliver07 do n't you walk around bbay all day stoned ? ironic
When your pool is on 🔥 and you are tweeting about 💧
Gay guys eating flamin ' hot cheetos .. Ironic
Seeing Panama cry for a penalty that was no where close to being one
Lady in front of me buying lots of cigarettes at the local pharmacy . lol
Hold on a sec . .all these Perch rumours .. correct me if I 'm wrong but did n't he score against us in play off semi lol ? ? ? 😕😕😕
A congressional press secretary referring to a congressman 's career as `` do nothing '' ?
Love the fact he is wearing a 'MAMMOTH ' cycling jersey
I write , I create , I take pics , I make jewelry -- and I 'm broke . I believe this is where the term 'starving artist ' came from . LOL
Happy National dance day to one and to all . abigdancer and alittledancer
6-nil and 6 different goal scorers shows why Arsenal must be desperate for another striker afc
Isaac does n't know what ignorant mean ironic
The Ravens talking about getting away with murder ? 😂
Lol the waterproof plastic bag for my laptop reads “ Because We Love Paper ''
Dudebro wearing `` surfer '' t-shirt that says `` locals only '' columbus summerfest
Hot Pockets sponsors The Jim Gaffigan Show ... ladies and gentlemen , this is at its finest . hotpockets jimgaffiganshow
rahm emanuel helped bill clinton enforce the war on drugs , and now he 's the major of a town that 's been devestated by it .
Everyone says fuck the police except when you need their help ironic
I just bought wine glasses while wearing my Cornerstone University shirt ironic
Jeremiah Jobling is now a railway inspector .
Hey how 's this for arkansoul realliferebelroad gorebs bigsmo
the best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of google search results nerd
The day we first met ... ca n't you just feel the love ? ! timingiseverything love AlexandIzzie GreysAnatomy
That moment when you run into your Mexican Lover at the gym and badblood starts playing on your playlist ironic laterbrah
is when someone writes `` YOUR and idiot `` LetsGetWordy
carhumor : Obvious texting
HairInc `` Canadians do it best '' ... yet you are wearing an American flag tank top .
youre the one who caused this .
. A lesson in humility from the guy who has his name in large Word Art as his Twitter header
Caught a glimpse of the Uber app on my Yellow Cab driver 's phone
Just listened to TheUndertaker 's ring entrance music then directly followed it with `` Stayin ' Alive '' by BeeGees .
Bailey 's Dam still here , but modern dams have raised the water level-so you ca n't see it . CivilWar RoadTrip
Eating food on my Burger King break . Ironic
Historic Tours cathedral , dedicated to Martin ( a pacifist ) , was destroyed by French revolutionaries IOT use metal in ceiling for ammo
Pakistan to shut down BlackBerry services by December 1 over security reasons
Also it was a privatised service he used .
An album called DirtySprite2 is 1 in the nation while national news is condemning BillCosby for spiking drinks .
Little Bit Longer by the Jonas Brothers comes on while I 'm studying diabetes ironic perfecttiming
Perhaps they 're having `` technical issues '' as well : )
One good thing is one of the businesses in town is set up by an ex-student of mine . Might have to tap him up for some work .
me too , because I 'm IN them . ironic
the most interesting thing about your cars and the company 's name is they operate on direct current ironic
There 's a whole chapter on how to use drugs to enhance your love life . BillCosby thanks goodwill ironic
Also , if she had just slept all day like she did when she was pouting , she 'd probably still be in the game . ironic BB17
Tuned into to join a celebration of women 's sport & amp ; 7 of 8 clips in opening titles involve men SaysItAll Offsiders
MacBeth in a cemetery portlandactorsensemble @ Lone Fir Pioneer Cemetery
yl and then he pitches the rest of the year a 4.50 era with them !
.... LOL Ironic @ THE CITY BKA THE HOME OF CHAMPIONS
Not gon na lie ... In the middle of that game somewhere , I started rooting for CityofGods due to the idiocy of Devendorf ironic TBT
The made-up drama on the left , the real drama on the left . bblf bb17
lol ... how Ironic GO GSPM ! ! ! The Graduate School of Political Management
I said this 3 years ago on Twitter ! Lol ! ! 😂
Cocaine is a hell of a drug , yall .
Ohio zoo presses charges against man who petted cougars via We cage them ( good ) , you pet them ( bad ) .
And three years and a few days later will be traded away ironic
My battery saving app on Android was the one sucking the battery .
In Hurst and a former Rangers prospect caught the last out
People fighting in the name of their religion . Forgetting the real essence of being a church . ironic
Kasten drags me around stores and then tells me I 'm no help . ironic
Today I watched a futbol match in a football stadium winning 2015internationalchampionscup
but you 're a man tweeting about how men should n't think about men , while thinking about those very same men !
Today is James 's birthday and I got my Nathan Scott shirt in the mail today YRU30
loooong before brushes . Niggas just really did n't care . Now they make the effort to look like they do n't 😂
... of course , if Heyward was still Braves RF he may have thrown him out
Cole Hamels no hits the very team he could be traded too in the next couple of days lol ironic
too busy to read , not too busy to tweet .
The daily struggles you chose . ironic
As courts and medical community consider assisted suicide a most elegant device.irony hypocrites life is precious sadthat
Thanks for making a cabinet depth refrigerator last for only 7 years . Glad I made the investment . fail refrigerator
Catching up on comics and LOLing at Matty having to defend a guy he apprehended as Daredevil
Would it help to know founders drafted the govt based on the pre existing Iroquois confederacy . Whose flag we just had removed .
you want me to click your unlabeled link ? dontclickshit ; )
Basically the world is better without social media , as I utilize twitter to explore this epiphany ironic
when ur godfather tries to get u to do tequila shots with him 😂😂😂😂 ironic
Hey ODOT , flashing billboards on the side of the highway telling me to focus on the road defeats the purpose of the message
`` Vanessa does have a good poker face '' - Jason bb17
Show your love to soldiers . Express sympathy to terrorist , who kills those soldiers & amp ; common citizens .
i will never understand why some Chelsea fans hate mikel . : | blaming him for being defensive ? ? ? wata load of crap .
I STARTED AT THE BEGINNING OF THE MIX , THEN ENDED AND IT GOT TO THERE LOL ,
Steve 's pushing to save Austin but he does n't know that Austin 's ultimately Gunning for Steve ... ironic bigbrother17
A-holes love forever , and the good die young .
Why is Espinoza criticizing HBO ? lol
do n't fucking blame it on your being drunk as a reasonable excuse to enable the dogs begging imfurious
Definition of : Watching SoylentGreen while BBQ'ing Steak
When God is at work in your life , all other roads might . But , when he 's through , everything will just be perfect . fabem
JensenAckles & amp ; MishaColins boys will be boys ❤️✊🏽Supernatural200thEpisode Ironic Stolen
leaders of Bihar and UP have insulted the people since 1947 and now you see the insult sir ? Ironic
So ... it 's pretty awkward that 'Charged Up ' was dead af . Weak Drake
Words of wisdom on Saturday morning hikes graffiti latergram @ Twin Falls Trailhead
But called it charged up ironic
UFC Cut men are now dressed like members of the expendables UFCChicago ironic stitch
LOL ! Ravens complaining about a guy getting away with murder ! Ha !
I am only displaying my Fernando Rodney bobblehead in my house to be ironic and annoying . fernandorodney shootthearrow garbage
Auto correct and people who know how to spell and use grammer will always be at arms . This tweet included ...
A fire on top of a fire station
redesigned by Ian Simpson as it was ugly to look at from his home and paid for out of the public purse .
G that 's during World Cycling Championships in Richmond VA , when streets will be closed for the races .
Unless Barao/Dillashaw ends in a minute , they 'll go past 10 pm ET/7 pm PT anyway . Give Tate her interview . UFConFOX16
A-ROD , A-ROD ! ! ! ! - Yankees fansironic
Funny that the mariners are couging away the baseball game on coug day .. Ironic
It amuses me that the person who told me to take off my `` green coloured glasses '' last week is today questioning the referees ...
Hang the repist but dont hang terrorist ! ! ironyKargilVijayDiwas
Not just Africa , China 's modern imperialism ?
money is n't everything , but most decisions we make are based in it ..... ironic
So- an ebony woman named Ivory at the chocolate room brought me a vanilla Sundae on Saturday night .
The of Shorten calling to ALP to rise above the fear generated by their opponents .
Thee very definition of hypebeast . hypocrisy
Shelli acts indignant that James had an agreement to tell Austin if he heard his name mentioned and did n't tell him about this . BB17
Coming from a guy convicted for manslaughter , tried to implicate his driver & amp ; influence witnesses Ironic
Humans tweet more than birds now abound
LTFU is it weird that he sang that part fast ?
however I my neck of the woods DEMs r also supporting Trump . Scarey
Tune for the Day 🌂🌂🌂
Lord Sewel , in charge of conduct resigns after the sun films him snorting drugs off a prostitute
welcome to Nyc . Also notice he 's wearing a nypd t-shirt .
humorous The effect of media , internet on kids ! parenting
And now I 'm watching that sun rise by itself ironic
So , Liz Kendall would fight to keep “ the party I love ” from splitting in two by starting a civil war in Labour 's ranks .
LMAOOO that 's all I 've been watching on tumblr ironic
Something real funny to come across on the news ! ndtv ironic mostWantedCancer MI4
Poor farmer tied for not repaying.Yet there are many with crores outstanding , who looted crores roaming free
Ian McMillan : Mocked by flock as I pump - Yorkshire Post
Rockridge twice 3 times this year ? yesplease hellyea ironic
I hate it when your brother says , you cook just okay but end up eating two plates of what you cook - - Siblings WorstNightmare
`` When government treats people differently , freedoms begin to erode . '' Obama Hypocrisy
still they say they follow a `` Political Party '' and want democracy
The social media that I least enjoy are the ones that I use most often
Who 's he trying to kid that Islam is peaceful at an Islamists mass murder trial ironic
Rivals trying to buy title
Oh dear ! FFS cancer This was on my Facebook feed !
when people r mistreated/disappointed by so called Christians , being easily manipulated by opposing yet equal dogma is common and ironic
Hahaha pot , kettle and black are words that come to mind
Hopefully Palin is reincarnated as a wolf and shot from a helicopter .
have faith breathes this too shall pass .. 🙏ironic chapoguzman nitenite
OxfordDictionary definition of ....
India is progressing , criminals advising on how to deal with fellow criminals : )
define Pig since 1996 ? ironic
Talked Suicidality at Board meeting Thur & amp ; find this in my garden today
It 's rained more this weekend in the Cotswolds than it has in 6 months in Edinburgh but has still been the best weekend in a while !
playing the song Summer Rain Ironic
Things that make you laugh ... ironic
This guys a joke 😂 Ironic
Will fight corruption but ensure cadre deployment , seems to be the pot calling the kettle black
Life ... making it more empty and hollow even though it 's offering so much . Ironic
use the hashtag to join our online conversation about people using the internet too much in their life
History - Leader Ghandi g was murdered by NathuRam Godsay ( Holding Gun in Pic ) for supporting Pakistan
Feds watch even more ima rapstar 👀 see da 😏 smh ...... new batenatehussein WESTLONDON…
Do we have to hope TeamSky wins ? Chauvinism
nawaz g0 and twitter , fb are jewish departments .. bullshit idiots
Not a single terrorist is punished by these courts in last 15 years CourtsForSale
JEB & amp ; HILLARY VS AMERICAN VOTERSIRONY OhHillNoNoJebWakeUpAmerica
Its meeting the man of your dreams and meeting his beautiful wife . Ironicfaith
andrew bolt found one his own kind ! ! ! hahahahaha bolt calls trump an idiot.facepalmironyauspol
... it must be so unfair because nobody else is supposed to buy the title 😂😂😂
I think that 's called ironicI 'm not quite sure 👀selfie ironic
Seriously ? Look who is talking moneyfamestatus makes ppl talk
fuck me he must be high ! ironic
Each time I lose something , I thank God . Another lesson learn of life
facebook notmine Repost sayumi927 with repostapp・・・irony
Cole Hamels throws a no hitter against the ... and next week he could be pitching for the Ironic
Fighting corruption along with Vishwajit Rane is like fighting for peace along with George Bush .
Many twters abusing Joe DeBruyn for sticking to his principles and want 2 claim high ground when comparing LNP to facists . Auspol
I 'm terrible at lyrics and I consider myself a fan of Gulzar.😂Ironic
The being that , after working in p/t low paid jobs to single-handedly raise my FemaleChild , enduring WorkingClassMaleDomination ...
She keeps scolding me to not do the things she always do . Ohhh the
“ : 1 innocent man killed is killing the humanity ” will never recover from this gigantic hit .
You just used an American word lol
So is it just me or does `` charged up '' sound like he was n't charged up ? Of It I 'm wonderin wtf is goin on ... WellSee
the pot is so guilty of calling the kettle black , Chelsea have made it their new captain !
How long before Mourinho accuses rivals of having no interest in playing football and just parking the bus ? cfc mufc
Apple being bullish in China on iPhone sales . While they totally neglected English aware India ironic
When the anti corruption crusader campaigns for a man convicted for corruption ... the commits suicide ! ! ThugKejri
Stunning summer day in London today ☔⛄😬 ironic
The week `` Inexpert boy '' watercolour art arte ironía illustration drawing `` Chico Inexperto '' acuarela
Annoying when the towels you 've kept nice and white turns into a dingy white/grey in one evening . laundrydisaster annoyed sigh
From the dark Ive to say You & amp ; got close , asymptoting 2 Truth , but Hilarious utterly w/o ThatsDeepBro
My 4 year old was lying in bed singing Wake by before 6:30 this morning . ironic
if one of your male colleagues had said that you would be outraged and exasperated , huffing and puffing in disgust .
What a lovely day AlanisMorisette Ironic OrIsntIt ?
Did Mourinho seriously accuse title contenders of attempting to buytheleague after submitting £20m bid for squadplayer
The week . `` Dirty Old Man '' watercolour art decoration `` Viejo verde '' acuarela ironia arte decoracion
at its peak : Robin Williams movies taking me out of depression , he passing away because of depression .
says the guy with the Emirates as his avi and `` the home of football ''
People love to judge yet hate to be judged . Goodnight .
BE ORIGINAL ! stop followin me . LIfe is not Twitter : )
Wembley hates when I do downward-facing dog .. athomeyogafail ironic
ran out of pesto ironic
its of our country that Yakub menon is more discussed than captain Vikram Batra on Kargil day
Oh God yasssss ! !
Great ! : -\ its my birthday and i loose my at the beach ironic
`` pray the real live forever man .. pray the fakes get exposed . '' drizzy chargedup
Is n't it ironic You taking rain shower wearing a rain coat 😏
great ThomasJefferson quote- and yet he himself died in debt .
yet his avi is a pic of Scott Allan . 😂
In other way Salman questioned ovr the judiciary which brought relief for himself ! Irony
News today ; Alan Kelly orders review of Bord Plenala . Alan Kelly flouts rules , to give grants to his own constituency .
Could n't resist taking a picture of a photobooth with my phone .
With no doubt nearly all using hydrocarbon based kayaks .
of the American currency usa funny
your boys at concepts fucked everyone over yesterday , while deon was dissing you he was allowing marv soles run the list
McGreevey running a jail re-entry program despite fact he 's the one who should have served time . Ironic
You ask them to step up , they tell you to fall back ...
I can live with anything but cant live a second without you . ironic
So proud that is dating a bareback star ! ! Though I do n't get the Madonna Parody video Pablo was on
wow eloquence ... fucking dumb fuck ? and you meant NOW and it 's LOSER ... 1 o buddy .... spellcheck grammar dumbass
Um , , better not to have a BAE ironic
andy sick harbouring paedophilia coming from a hun that loves the Royals
True . All hail eternal power of the dollar . Enough to make my Chicago-born Dad move here just so he could vote
BJP Leaders Doing Action Scenes in Front of Salman 's House.Salman is Helping Farmers with a Profit from BB SalmanStandsClear
BUY ? Did he just slide off his chair , flat as a freshly pressed silksheet as soon as the word left his mouth ? Irony
Dorset Knob make a nice cafe !
Watch out ! Da shark is behind you ! ! ! ! ! fish water aquarium shark funny ironic
everything looks a little like this . Again ironic
Will this negate his Safe Driving Bonus ?
Hardly in Dept but always knows/listens to what management has to say .
A person who ca n't stand by his opinion even for a day , under pressure , is treated as a super hero !
Just got hella dirty looks at this church ironic 😴 .
Going to see Rise Against on the day Cubans overthrow their government
Spent today working in Theatre , I think gods definitely mocking me actor Hospital Ironic work
Giving blood and what song is playing .... Bad blood giveblood VMAs2015 ironic badbloodshouldwinvideooftheyear
This is in Mogadishu & amp ; some Kenyans do not want to work in NEP ?
Rote Toten Hosen RT Ironic America supporting up and coming communist EU
It 's a Classic ! ! Ironic
Biggest so far on Twitter till days SalmanStandsClear ~ salman n clear ! Extreme
Mourinho accuses Premier League rivals of 'buying ' the title via LOL Chelski Moaninho Campaign
My glasses broke in the beginning of the week . And now my phone broke . It 's like everything I have is slowing breaking . ironic
Greinke 's scoreless streak ended on a ball hit by a pitcher ironic
“ : Mourinho : `` Chelsea 's rivals are trying to buy the league . '' ironic
Nah dont worry , English isnt even my language 😂😂😂😂 Mine is Urdu . :3
Ironic this profile cant be more wrong no feminist would go around stealing another womens husband knowing they have a child homewrecker
That moment a crank linked my refutation of the Bill Gates-vaccine-depopulation conspiracy theory thinking its real . oh the
A film about restricted stools on Independence Day . ironic Piku
my dog likes animal crackers
1S37 37 late into GLC . Fare dodger gets a refund . PlayAlongBanter
Father Tom spoke about throwing a party and having too many people to tend to : /////
And Mourinho claims other teams are trying to buy the league .
Do you see the problem here ? supportisrael israel
you know that 's a fake account right ?
Sewel , responsible for upholding standards and conduct resigns after 'snorting cocaine with prostitutes ' ironic
Some 30 plus years ago , Ethiopians were on Mesqel Square to welcome now they are welcoming
and now I need YOU for MY snark comments . ironic eulessnaz
I say i dnt lyk my job ... bt evry sunday evening i want to go back ! !
simple things yet with huge impact .. ironic
At the Porthcurno Telegraph Museum & amp ; there 's no mobile signal at all . Ironic AreyoulisteningAlanisette
As a feminist , disappointed for being just as dismissive racist angry as she accuses trolls of being . hypocrisy
Picked up prepackaged supplies at the store for local school supply drive . ? I ca n't find everything on my son 's list . backtoschool
The about Today Win In HungarianGP is Vettel Winning with Ferrari With RedBulls On Both Side ! ! Karma I Guess ! ! 😂😂😂😂
Trying to download a mb/s testing app on my phone , but the internet is too slow
O 10 I agree with what you are saying .
Bionic Ironic Iconic 💋💋💋 set to perform with miss once again on CiscoRocks SantaClara
My love of jibes perfectly with a 44th bday run on a day calling for thunderstorms ... on…
Naya I did n't even notice my own comedic genius there .
Is Obama gay too ? Does he realize Islam will punish him to a severe beating or death ?
Hmmm I find it interesting that you say things like `` do what makes you Holy '' however your actions are nothing of the sort .. ironic
The is strong with this one
Playing `` Singin ' in the Rain '' while there 's a thunderstorm outside ironic
Funny how the info is always correct when the town crier is spreading it yet never correct when you hear info about the town crier ironic
NJ has 1 of best public education systems in U.S. & amp ; 1 of worst pension systems . Pol's-not tchrs-caused problem but we r blamed .
Ironic thought : hacking a dart as you step out of the front door of the gym ... a little counter productive do n't you think ? ironic
Lord Sewel head of Lords conduct committee ironic
Eats organic . Smokes cigarettes .
so , as a society , we 're toast ? ironic
Another funny thing from today : took my friend 's pic with 1D , & amp ; the iPhone did the yellow box around everyone 's face except Zayn 's !
Ironic timing watching this for the first time considering the recent news . ironic ironictiming…
I 'm eating pizza at 12:30pm . I have such good eating standers
Getting a lecture from my brother on my alcohol consumption 😂😂 ironic
Fun fact of the day : the director of `` The Amazing Spider-Man '' 's name is Marc Webb . 🐜❄️
Art and gaming ! ! ! game gamer gaming gamergirl art painting ign chewlo home homedecor…
I can not access to report my issues unacceptable Facebook a11y
Took a few days for it to dawn on me , but I kid you not ... it really is called that . Six Corners , officially .
Doing back-to-school shopping and Been Caught Stealing is playing in the store . janesaddiction
If you 've got a spare half a million xpnfest
Honey , is two Scotsmen Cloning a Sheep . Please Learn English and ProperUse of your supposed Lingo
so i 'm doing my Trailhead lesson decide to enable social contacts on myself find a DUPLICATE of my twitter profile WTF
Drove past a fine Black man in a shirt that said `` Feminist '' . I wanted to holla at him , but realized that was street harrassment .
I do n't usually listen to the Minister of Electricity speeches on Al-Nabaa , but when I do , the electricity cuts off ! Tripoli Libya
So much drake is being played at this Nicki concert ironic
How many Millenials do you think follow and read his tweet ?
I have a friend who is a professional psychic . She does n't have a clue that I think she 's a total fake .
Video : Ironic timing watching this for the first time considering the recent news . ironic ironictiming ...
That moment you encounter an African American selling Confederate Flags .
'It 's going to make it impossible to get anything done in the Senate '
FoxNews Check Out the Ironic Reason Why Sheriff Joe Arpaio s Office Was Raided By…
A bigot begging for humanity TWDMarathon TheWalkingDead
She would n't give up on the house , draw a line and start again . But she gave up on me easily enough .
might use the hundreds of takeaway boxes I 've munched my way through over the years ! 90daysSSSPlan
Apple wants developers to prepare for ipv6 in iOS 9 , but the only thing that Apple seems to have made ipv6 ready is their own website
or a dark skinned hitler lol toosoon ? I thought ironic
and also today announces a review of Bord Plenala
The Pats have been getting away with murder , but the one murderer is behind bars 4 life
The giant tusks have been there many decades ( since I recall ) . Ivory shipped on dhows 2 Arabia India etc . Ironic
Someone put MLB Commisoner on the clock when he gives a speech . mlb hof
my wish list is huge and I dont have time to read the ones on my kindle ironic livingthebook ( so to speak )
Did I just see Al Sharpton doing a `` The More You Know ... '' commercial about celebrating differences ? Irony
My favorite artist ! ! ! art painting gamergirl talent tree
English points out that will be addressing in its Chinese funded , Chinese built HQ ObamaInEthiopia
When someone uses the toast `` To Life '' in a movie/TV SomebodyGonnaDie Lchaim
a whole bunch of people died lmao banter
Scrolling through kindle books and see this lmao
I 'm excellent with the Hard Shit ... sometimes the most simple shit is what gets past me
My train from Naples to Rome was delayed by 10 minutes . ironic
yeah imagine that
The bankinginquiry is turning out to be an expensive 'lesson ' in how to squander a countries economy
Max & amp ; relax Southampton sundaze atitsfinest poolparty lawn nyc guinnessblonde…
but you think Mourinho is awesome ? ?
FoxNews Check Out the Ironic Reason Why Sheriff Joe Arpaio s Office Was Raided By…
Got kicked out of seat bc it was `` reserved '' despite 0 signs saying so . It was however , right below the Welcome Home sign
Running on fumes . Ca n't even do the math on how many hours I 've been on the go ... not that I can on a normal day .
I remember before 2014 FHD , a lot of people bagged on cole
This is where we were staying this weekend . No at all ! brandonfolkfest DiggingRootsTour…
William Morris design still creates impact . These at Cragside a technological beacon
Computer science lecture held up because the lecturer is having some computer problems , they had to call IT feelingconfident
O that 's a myth the wheatards have spread for 20 years . No telethon needed here . hypocrites
You 've blessed my dreams for 4 years and yet you 're the reason I lye awake unable to do so
IRONIC & amp ; HYOCRITICAL though : Trump 's Macy 's Ties are assembled in CHINA !
Indians are expecting fair news from some media .. Which uses the pictures and captions by others as their own
shutting dad out with Friends . TrueDetectiveSeason2
Later , an ironic God made parody animals . Many still exist.-Oglaf
Back at work to this along with 1600 other emails . funtimes
Overweight people selling a magical product that supposedly makes you loose a pound per day BitchPlease IasoTea
In the end the KING and the PAWN go in the same box
The Mexican national soccer team can make a better wall than the Mexican government can make : ) CONCACAFGoldCup
My faith is stronger than my strength . HowGodWorks
I see what you did there .... hcsm
Tonight my best friend since kindergarten got engaged to the boy we tormented in kindergarten .
Why can I only buy it in Us , Euros or pounds but not in Canadian currency ? ? ironic canadianband ? ? unfair
funny how a guy who 's fine with depicting acts violence on the silver screen is uncomfortable with simple nudity .
People who spend 8+ hours on Twitter daily probably should n't make reference to having a family they care deeply for in profiles .
The problem with politics is a lack of consciences . Conscience votes never cease to make me laugh bitterly .
Funny how the ones who are actually sinning like to project and make it seem as though other people are the problem ...
Lab rats ... Funny how while we use animals as test subjects ... The same thing is occurring to us ...
These Africans dnt understand tht they r destroying their own treasure . Ironic Greed
before you drop yo diss can u please use drake energy beat and tear his ass up niggawasntchargedupenough
Funny how jumps n RTs anything that has Hindu or BJP angle n shows them in bad light.n she was an anchor
As I sit in a movie theater bout to watch `` do the right thing '' police still acting up Ironic
So I 'm at karaoke listening to someone slay `` I Have Nothing '' as my cousin tells me Bobbi Kristina passed .. 😕😞 ironic iWasntReady RIP
navarro `` I whip my hair back and forth ! ''
And my friend Megan said it perfectly ... I am meant to be loved ... irony
Listening to Californians talk smack about other locales earthquake risk YouHaveGotToBeKiddingMe
Abbott would make a great unionist auspol
bella the funny thing is , a comeback is possible if she would take our advice !
Andy & amp ; Beth are the main stars of the 40 year old virgin lmfao 😂 ironic
Hey UFC , Bring Back Bare-knuckle Fights to Stop Brain Trauma via
The only Meek Mill song that anyone 's going to listen to now is Rico .
“ Planning is guessing . ” // I ’ ve not read the article yet ; but the tagline offered me a new POV GodsObjective
Time to officially countdown ! 7 more days until WonderGirls comeback ! Reboot
& amp ; neither of them are close to it ironic
- hospital staff should work round the clock to provide for people like her husband . That 'll be M Gove who 's on 7 week hols
I find it funny that I woodshed in an actual wood shed . woodshedding music guitar licks
ironic ¿Dont you Think ? PlayaDelCarmen ¿Oportunity ? Maybe .. Maybe you can change your and my world .
My girls & lt ; 333 `` Time to officially countdown ! 7 more days until WonderGirls comeback ! Reboot
Actually , the players share equal blame , too . None of the non-users had the balls to `` out '' the users . Until Canseco .
Asked meat counter man the difference between pork roast and tenderloin.Actual answer : `` Idk . I 'm not much of a meat guy . ''
Got 2 jackpots at the arcade and got a flask with the tickets .
From TeamEVIL & amp ; ! Wow ! ! ironic this is about to be good ! ! NerdArmy KingOfTheNerds
I find it ironic how boys say they 're scared of hurting someone in a relationship , so they stick to sexing different girls . ironic
People signing petition to save Yakub are the same people who post condemning message whenever such act of terror happens HangYakub
At the as a cellular customer , and having issues getting on the network .
The name Caitlyn is an Irish name . In Irish the meaning of the name Caitlyn is : pure . Oh the
Finally cleaned the BBQ then cooked in the rain . ironic summerfeast
Microsoft they have 4 Squares
its a free ride when you just got paid , Ironic
Pregnant Chicken NAILS IT ! parenthood
I guess no President will ever be good enough for Filipino People justSaying SONA2015
IT ENDS UP THAT WAY SOMETIMES ... MY IRONIC LYFE ! LIVELOVELAUGH IM IN MY WORLD NEWLIFE NEWSTART…
$ 5 says this guy believes in English only laws .
Mourinho accusing United and Liverpool of trying to buy the title ! Short term memory is it ? fb
so ironic to your fave quote : the world 🌎 is your oister ...
Well that 's ironic is n't it ? ? ?
Hers and his fortune cookies needALoanToMakeUrPartnerHappy by thanhsguitar
... who did this ? 😂 BruceJenner CaitlynJenner @ Miracle Mile Shops , Las Vegas
I was never FT ! Ironic
So the PartyOfLicoln is calling for guns in theatres now ? Did I hear that correctly ? OutOfTouch tcot crossfire guncontrol
just saw a punk too . Possibly the same one.Who knows , what with all the patches and studs it 's hard to tell them apart
It 's funny how life works ... always looking for a dinner date , and today I missed the opportunity to be taken to dinner . mylife
i thought she was the biggest star in the world ... too bad .. despo truth is u were going to loose to bey
Worlds Cheapest Flights : travel dublin 2015shop wildshopping shopping madness
LinkedIn notifies me that one of my thesis examiners has been looking at my profile . I wrote my thesis about surveillance . micdrop
and he is indias longest serving pm straight 10 yrs
LordSewel slating boris and pm whilst wearing a bra and leather jacket !
Twitter using Copyright Law to bust joke thieves- now that is a laugh !
Yep .... it is the honest truth ! ; ) Mac SpongeBob meme hashtag
Caught a cold when it 's 100 degrees out . ironic
I nearly got side swiped by a guy with a `` share the road '' bumper sticker . Then he started yelling at me like it was my fault .
That tweet is crying out for some inverted commas ...
Porkistan Assholes are Trending GurdaspurAwakesKhalistan , while they kill Minority pak sikhs !
The Soft Bigotry of San Francisco expectations : business minimumwage fightfor15 tcot P2 seattle sf
Ahhh ... when you need a urine throwing Frenchman there 's just not one about ! onlyjoking menonbikes
For the First Time the House of Lords Now Has the Power to Expel Members Permanently via
Was praising my iPhone this morning and it just got done with a little freak out and shit down ...
Same feeling , It 's pouring down outside and I 'm in the lab using drying agents Ironic Cosy
Vice Prez calls LaGuardia `` A 3rd World Country Airport '' while visits a 3rd World Country ... Kenya ironic
Badal wanted to buy an official aircraft .
I agree ! Teach people how to fish ! CCT anyone ! Here 's some more fish in your mouth c/o our taxes SONA2015
Trying to upgrade my broadband . But my broadband 's so bad the page refuses to load
Top 10 tips for doing business in the USA . Biggest tip ? Americans do n't get
Will Greg Sheridan 's awesome book be available at ABC Book shops ?
People who use the word sheeple are more likely to actually be sheeple .
Alanis Morissette 's 'Ironic ' is n't actually ironic at all . How ironic is that ? snap purposeful ? yougogirl
was gon na be a produtive muffin but ended up acting like a donut and almost breaking my hand ... while working as a baker
almost run over by Highway Maintenance Lorry ; but I suppose they DO own the roads ... truth
A dude walking out to All I Do Is Win after he lost his last fight .
Made my debut on CNBC ..... as a ski instructor ironic asiasquawkbox @ Perisher
No Big leader tried to prevent Hanging of the Bhagat Singh , . but few Psychos pouring their heart out for Yakub . Rivaldo
Feel the 😂😁irony bever aftermath storm tree treeonthestreet
Oops ! it was the religious that shaped our society today ironic
It 's a great day that is full of sarcasm . : ( : (
Can drop a track without the fucking children making a line from it into a phrase and ruining it , please ? ImChargedUp
I think it 's funny that during my week off I 'm getting calls to fill in for nurses that want a day off nursingproblems nothankyou
Water catchment system ? ! It still floods everywhere ! Most especially in the area where you installed it.ironySONA2015
MQM outside White House . For a decade , US asked Pak to take action agst terrorists and now they them self will stop us from doing do ?
Johoreans : Kelantanese are racist ironic
eejit of not if
I forgot it was spirit day today ... Supposed to wear red and I show up in this . ironic allblack…
I love your reply to being pompous and grandiose is to compare yourself to Churchill
yet congress says that they r nationalists . IRONIC
People just ca n't contain thoughts to themselves . Like meirony
Strong minds discuss ideas , average mind discuss events , weak minds discuss people .
Review of the book `` Ulaar '' novel literature ulaar ...
Fine checking roadblock on Chamdor Krugersdorp before Lewisham crossing . Direction Lewisham Ironic
Work survey on new 'SMART WORKING ' office . The fucking SHIT CONNECTIVITY HERE crashed my survey & amp ; lost my answers . mondayanger
even before release : ? kindafunny
The only time we feel vulnerable is when we see the police .
Hi Mr. President . Let me remind you that you yourself is a product of a DYNASTY . AntiDynastyLaw SONA2015 SONA ironic
Tree-hugger cyclist worried about environment ..... burns down 73 acres of forest .
Salman commenting on the loss of an innocent life . ?
It 's ironic that those who like to tell others what to do - should n't .
Kids will never grow up , Laro laro , PTI ka Bahut Bhala ho raha hai , This is what you all learn from Khan
Greenwald references `` the limits of one ’ s ability to understand complicated situations about which one has no first-hand knowledge ''
I agree : - ) Also if that was n't enuf true white skinned individuals are marketed a very tanned look ! Us humans !
Women around me get engaged and stuff and I just got my as dumped .. ironic
a Pakistani political party protesting outside White House , against political victimization in Pakistan LOL
The of the Great Depression / L'ironie de la Grande Crise . 1937 injustice capitalism capitalisme
Have you mentioned that Martin Lewis has made a fortune from his “ Money saving ” advice ?
John Rentoul on saying people at home wo n't know who is .
I always chuckle when I wear this to work being I 'm a sleeptech wakemewhentheboringstops scrubs ironic funny 😁😁😁
Daily Mail complains about pervert looking up skirts . Posts a pic looking up woman 's skirt
Zack burned his own bridge to fame . orangeisthenewZack burningbridges
A good chuckle to start your week ! SEO Google
When other people cant say your name and when told the nick name they go so your hash as in hash brown ironic 👮👮
Watching Shembe church brawls , a shining example for the faith .
These lyrics appeared in my headphones while on the delayed Metro : `` I wannago somewhere , I wannago somewhere so bad ''
markets The bigger the layoff , the greater the gain . A good time to buy energy sector stocks ? Insert Ironic Message Here . ironic decline
the self proclaimed leader never utters a word . Pakistan
A complaint created while trying to complain about Barclays Customer Service & amp ; their handling of complaints IRONIC JustMe ?
Nope , I do n't think you do.File under
Well if the ECB had played WomensAshes up North today we would n't be behind in series RainedAllDay Ironic
In the wake of recent rainfall , Nawab kala bagh 's haveli has drowned
I just received a junk letter with a stamp reading `` Save A Tree '' .
Watching the news and it 's not really news ironic
Listening to `` Bad Blood '' by Taylor Swift while sitting in the Red Cross van after donating .
Wow , I super dislike social media . huh ItsIngrained WeAreAllinIt
Is it really true that when proudly went to open a food bank ( something to be proud of ? ? ? ) they laid on a buffet ? ! ironic
I find it funny how you preach one person this and commitment that , yet you have one of the worse track records ironic
Those who seek FAME will eventually hide from it . fact fame truth wisdom WisdomInCsharp
I was in Annan this morning PetrofacTrainingCup
Hi Sean it is No Frills at 3730 Lakeshore in Etob - they wo n't even match prices which is ironic
Dogs life dogs dog dogstagram dogsofinstagram doglover puppies puppiesofinstagram…
Hundreds gather for unveiling of Satanic statue in Detroit , while some others want to sledgehammer Confederate monuments .
I love learning why things are the way they are ! FunFact HistoryLesson -Steph
threats to leave US b/c of racism . It is getting harder for him to be racist here
Of course the US knows what it 's talking about , being 49 on the World Press Freedom Index
Benteke pictured with fan at hotel the day he signed for Liverpool . That T-shirt though .
Kenyans Get Naked To Protest Gay Marriage via
This statement does not make sense . You support problem gambling , yet limit winners .
Listening to ChargedUp with my phone on 2 % ...
Immune to redflu but what if he died from a bad case of pneumonia ?
One of the most inspiring Indian President passes away . He went to to take a session on Liveable Planet .
noonegetsleftbehind except when they 're left in the charity shop romanroad yeah ?
Sony Pictures buys rights to Emoji movie : Weird business news via ironic impulsive dumbbiz adam
Here is - the first Deaf NFL player . A video intro - - Sadly did n't caption it . WHChamps
Thought Y do n't India Ban Muslims when saw GurdasPurAttack news . But when you hear about APJ Abdul Kalam who was the greatest man .
Thought since I 'll be going to BR I would go to a Saints game , but apparently they 'll be playing in Houston that weekend 😑😩 ironic
When you remember you book but forget your reading glasses so you ca n't read the chapter on visual impairment
We Have Central Air Contitioning In Our House But Everybody Covers The Vents In Their Rooms Because They Are Cold ... LMAO Ironic
The idea of political correctness itself is politically incorrect . MondayAM
Trending hashtags like GurdaspurAwakesKhalistan justify Baloch separatists .
Magma me too , all is losing csgo games mm -- ' Ironic
You know what BBC Reporting Scotland ? U are stoking the 2nd Indy ref story . Your piece on FM visit to China totally submerged by it !
Who dies in terrorist attacks ? Police , common men . Who signs petitions for terrorists ? Our so called half-wit celebs ! GurdaspurAttack
Trilogy . Book 1-The Animal now FREE . I repeat , the Book 1 jackpot is now Free
Protestors from middle America here to protest train based mass transits , riding the train to the protest . dc
, abortion mogul , on : Extremists ! Killers ! Militants ! Oh , but she was n't talking about .
I can use my iCloud email address to sign into all services but ca n't use it to sign into any services . AppleFail
Their first non Starbucks coffee in weeks , and in the birthplace of it no less ! rainonyourweddingday 10000spoons
I told my supervisor I did n't want to work any more five day weeks this summer , last week he had me work six !
I wear a suit and tie to work everyday . I should really be wearing a construction hat with a tool belt Ironic
Or maybe is threatening to leave US b/c racism is becoming more exposed , which risks the exposure of his racism .
kytnwpc ironic maybe ? goodsport .
A guy named 'Danger ' spending his rush hours in the sky and talking at the same time ? .
Two little yellow books on creativity , that contradict each other perfectly !
RIP . You will be remembered everytime we dream . talk on Livable planet earth ? RIP APJ
my new tee reads WE 'RE NOT LIVING JUST KILLING TIME
“ Many stupid people at ( sic ) New York , ” said the hacker who took down .
WhenTrumpIsElected Canada will have to build a fence to keep Americans out
Bertrand did n't Steve Biscotti literally have a player get away with murder ? ironic
Do n't look now but the Communists are driving the world 's economy .
Crazy that all me and my boys are going to end up w light skinned sons
That Song is just something else fam . How do u manage write like that ? 😱🙌🙋👑
I am a very public private person ironic
reviews tend to take into consideration the most important thing : the biases of the reviewer urbancourtesan
This Q & amp ; A is awesome . Too bad that it does n't match my requirements . Even with SO I need to think . SQL think
Oh , the if that `` 1 Colts Fan '' has twitter & amp ; follows & amp ; realized it was him who cut you off !
And our country will declare a holiday to mourn death of someone who departed while working for country ... ! ! irony
melona coz it 's cold 😷😶irony iceCream
There are times that I come here to write & amp ; all I do is read/favorite/retweet .
Complaining about the rain here , but flying to Seattle tonight .
Oh , I 'm so sad that Snoop Dogg is n't coming to Sweden anymore ! 😆😆
checking out your journal and followed through to this link where 2 of 3 comments are spam
Losing weight : first time goal , and just cz it 's a goal it seems so darn hard ironic
With no sense of the UK Home Office has issued emails warning of spam emails from the Home Office & amp ; MoJ
When I catch myself explaining that anger/frustration shortcircuits the logical mind to an obviously upset & amp ; illogical person .
Asking your murderer for mercy ..
My Artist Comparison On Songkick Is My Dad ....
although the point is to get inside someone 's head .
In the past hour and a half I 've discovered 6 grad school I wannaapply to and learned ~nothing for my final exam Thursday
So was called a choker by EddieJordan ... a man who has n't completed a sentence without fucking up for about 3-years ? !
`` on time . More of the time '' threehourdelayandcounting
Those who say `` poor should always remain poor '' are trying to stop govt from evicting illegal occupants .
We live in a country screaming pro life that does n't give its citizens access to healthcare .
I guess feeling disgusted just does n't help . We 'll still be having a holiday tomorrow , right ? irony
I confirm garbage collection restarted in Beirut ... Lebanon
When your best friend puts a gay flag in the closet pride lgbt Jokes
We exiled people who used the N word , and here we are , Donald Trump running to be POTUS while calling Mexicans , thugs and rapists.ironic
Work hard . Work sincerely . APJAbdulKalam RIPAbdulKalam Lets take a day off tomorrow ... Ironic
Public Enemy just told me their new album `` is not a part of the system '' ... by advertising to me on spotify .
Looking up cross fit game stats online while eating pizza
MTV 's `` One Bad Choice '' wo n't delete from DVR ... maybe DVRing `` OBC '' was MY one bad choice ? ? ?
It 's crazy we was riding in the all white ford bronco and all the white girls loved the car ironic lol
is when presenter acuses someone of being partisan even when it 's clear they 're staunch apc .
ha ha . Love the shirt .
Webinar I had trouble logging onto now discussing how important it is to make it easy to log onto your webinar/video conference .
on hold for 5 plus min for asking for good service
Last thing on my list of priorities is a cita a ciegas Ironic seems to be the soundtrack for this moment
Seems like the people who judge the most are the ones with the most fucked up life and make the worst decisions .
Talk about perfect parking . yxe
Amazing how many Bostonians are anti-Olympics b/c they fear cost overruns , yet they perennially vote for Democrats to run the state .
funny how the Board Members argue and fight on Facebook yet they do n't want children to bully each other
To clarify , many of those using ImHardLeft are pointing out how moderate their views actually are , not that they 're communists
we usually speak good about a person when he is dead ! ! ! And criticize when he is alive .
um . It 's actually spelled grammar . lmao
Catholics are the only Christians who have consistently opposed abortion .
Mournho 's first season 04/05 , he bought Cech , Drogba , Robben , Carvalho , Tiago and more . They went on to win the title 😕
schools ugh more
Man who dedicated his life to learning and students , and to mourn his death the government declares holiday to school
They 're totally terrified of him . So sad they ca n't trust the members re voting for a leader
Sorry ..... rockscience
u just ca n't force ppl to talk to u .. if they want to , they will But `` when they want '' -.-irony friendship LifeIsStrange life
It 's funny how many people prejudge Christians as judgemental . All of us ai n't . Hypocrites
I just bought a flight ticket from Edinburgh to Prague for the price of a return train ticket from Glasgow to Dundee .
I always find the song ironic by Morrissette interesting with these list ... Or do I ?
Get this : July 27 , 3pm in Missoula , 47 degrees ! Normally warmest week of the year ironic brrr Not to worry , 90s by end of the week . MTwx
Note to self : bragging about how self-aware you are about your shortcomings is still bragging .
He should get a prize for that . Ironic 80Twelve
Would n't wish this on anyone ( and I 'm not doing so ) but imagine in Brady gets injured early doors like Snoddy . ncfc
cummings they 'll fly around the world to watch floyd on a pub screen but wo n't pay for sky
if people want it and are willing to pay for it , `` can we actually build it ? '' becomes a question of little importance technicalities
Universal Pictures finds pirated copy of Jurassic World seeded from its own servers ironic dmca
X and I decided to get back together . After not hearing from lawyers for 2 months we got told today the divorce is final .
It ’ s always the people who have never done it , that are the first ones to tell you how they think it should be done .
I leave the office for lunch to go watch The Office on Netflix
The do n't judge challenge is a load of crap and annoying . Stop uploading them . And yes I 'm judging the do n't judge challenge badass
You wannaknow what makes less and less people want to go into medical trade ? OBAMACARE . tcot tlot ccot
Bee we are all over these quotes today x x ironic maybenot keepemguessing hehe x x x
The of Scott Walker OF SCOTT WALKER
Max Verstappen to sit driving test after finishing fourth in Hungary F1 GP
Denmark bans kosher and halal slaughter as minister says ‘ animal rights come before religion ’
She shouts to the world on a privately maintained platform . Meanwhile , gov't run systems are collapsing .
Credit card info stolen , and amongst other purchases , was one for ironic , no ? ironic
Boston , arguably one of the nation 's greatest sports towns , rejects one of the world 's greatest sports events . Boston2024
Jst the other day ppl were busy destroying liquor , today another one has jst been lauched : Momentum Ice with Guarana ,
`` : Current status : Alanis Morissette '' Ironic
me and my gf talk about this all the time . We love mma , but hate violence in general . weird fightingforpurseOK
Just saw a guy telling our building security guy he has to go watch mall cop 2. ironic
A Ford Focus driver not paying attention when the light turns green . It 's the small things in life that make it worth living .
Was drinking my coffee out of this mug and I became so happy because I realized it will never apply to me 😄
Hmmm , laughing at the overspray pattern paint
Reed and you did mispronounced neanderthal .
Shooting a movie and we got Bumblebeetuna in the snacks . IfJimCarreyCouldSeeMeNow
Tweeting from my ironic notkindlefire
Rusty . rust rusty steel random regular metal metaliferous streetshots urbanart…
Alanis Morrisette this is in action . The peer get removed by laws he set up to remove peers who 've misbehaved
Tarot card reader said my dad gave me a lot of money . I wonder if they can tell me where he is ? I have n't seen him in 20 years life
“ : Ironic this profile cant be more wrong no feminist would behave this way right ? ! '' slut shameless loyalty
LOL , Scientology=bastardized PSYCHOLOGY mixed w/ sci fi ( soul-spewing volcanoes LOL ) .
Well this is kinda messed up ironic
It 's like they know me !
wonder how many ppl 'complain ' due to the graphic nature of this picture
MeanwhileInFlorida : Woman with `` Wo n't Be Caught '' t-shirt finally gets caught
Coming to a digital conference and requiring your printed barcode/piece of paper to sign in ... AdobeSymp
I was telling a friend a few days ago how going to six flags is super gay as a date and gayer to go with just guy friends . ironic
. Now who wants to tell who what to do ?
Does anyone else think it 's weird that Kaitlyn is terrified of BIRDS yet she has bird tattoos ? Bachelorette BachelorNation
Interesting that on the same day they pull the plug on the Boston2024 bid , there 's a brownout on the Green line .
When yo jam comes on porterrobinson edm clariS anime kawaii ( Vine by )
oooosh and he 's Taurus he really should of known Taurusyouwillmeetsomeonehorneytoday
. using old How.Do studio pics to illustrate an on-it piece about millennials work-life balance .
I 'm same . Sadists use our tolerance to twist knife . Better to delete them . Ironic
25 Of The Most Ironic Things You Will Ever Read About
ThankU ! ! 4 twatting 4 Wife & amp ; I Watched this wkend ! ! SOoooo freakin ' FUNNY MOVING IRONIC
When I asked my dad what I should give my boss as a gift , he suggested a cigar . My boss is a cardiologist . He 's getting a cigar .
Africa is a bar . It 's in Albany , Auckland , New Zealand IfAfricaWasABar Ironic Comedy
When they are playing top gun music at thee airport terminal ironic justcamefrombase
TheBachelorette should be called unreality TV . So far from reality it 's not even funny . unromantic blech
chuck I love that the title of the session OFFENSIVE BODY LANGUAGE is being yelled at me ... ButSeriouslyLooksGreat
ironic huh ? Neal Falls a serial killer .. Yet killed by his intended victim .. I love do n't you ?
is Ferguson cleaning up 1 year later , after burning it to the ground , to celebrate a thug who destroyed a citizen 's career
yep . It 's cool that people want to fight `` injustice '' but they ca n't deny other accounts of that just cos of their race
man it 's really funny when your always there for someone when they need something , but when you ask for a favor they blow you off .. ironic
The color psychology ... The color WHITE is ever so prevalent at SandraBland 's funeral .. Marketing101Irony ..
Ironically , I 'm in Scanton for the night and I ca n't catch an episode of TheOffice ironic
The day after Randy Johnson goes into the HOF , there 's a concert in PHX & amp ; play in Seattle
Had a show on in the background ... Did n't know what it was but thought the lady sound led like Kate Winslet . It was Kate Winslet . ironic
I stand so strong with Israel , it 's my last name ! ! LOL Israel
so what if you make jokes about the disabled , the government slashes their benefits which is not funny lol ironic
So I went to threepools oregon and the first thing I see is this . It was too ironic to not take a…
Is it weird that , as a gay man , my favorite song off of 's newest EP is about girls shaking their asses ? ShakeIt OhWell
. They would say Hannity is lying but apparently that is an `` attack ''
Trying to get to an IBM ebook on APM and I get this . Oh the
The great is that when hunting is banned , poachers decimate wildlife . Owned animal populations thrive .
I do n't know if that would fit being from the city of St. Louis .
art drawings watercolour of life
While playing with Batcave , he said , `` There 's in it but it has no toys . '' ironic bigbatcave
pnpcbc as far as I can tell , NDP is winning the SocialMedia campaign & amp ; that cost NADA $ ; )
The Of Market Manipulation
It 's a million degrees outside in Houston and I 'm in the sauna in the gym . ironic
you 're taking mine ! ?
and he still is the leader in the Republican pools !
I was pulling weeds and almost pulled these . I forgot the forget me nots .
It takes an entire term for this administration to legislate Freedom of Information . Is it really difficult to make this as a policy ? irony
Ho `` Yall '' are gon na dick ride as you 're hyping a track that has n't been released .
yea cause that 's what 's important to know right . `` Mackdaddytoms '' questions other people 's name .
Come to Where you 'll be discriminated for feeding your baby . ironic
When takes a century to open , then crashes , and all help articles start with `` Step 1 : In your Chrome browser ... '' argh
lol I bought it at launch
Saw a billboard warning about the dangers of distracted driving . ironic
Hey ! We are SUPER FUCKING FRIENDLY up here in Nor Cal so bite me !
Thank you McDonald 's commercial for playing that song I heard in the other day long enough for me to Shazam it tapitback
Reading tweets about the Bachelorette finale and laughing out loud , only to realize there 's nobody else here and I 'm laughing alone
TheBachelorette : A show based around an indecisive woman who is expected to make a decision . Plot twist- she 's always torn !
In the years since Ironic was released , I wonder how many dictionaries AlanisMorissette has been given
RIPKalam but NoToModi ..... the guy who is a murderer and responsible for Muslim Genocide going to a Muslim funeral .
Meek was mad Drake ai n't tweet the album but did Meek RT Flex announcement for the `` response '' ?
On 1Jan16 will be only Municipal Bus Franchise in UK where Bus Drivers can access Why ?
Which makes sense considering the people who write the WWE come from soap opera backgrounds .
The Tamil Nadu schools are off today as a mark of mourning for RIPAbdulKalam despite his express wish to the contrary ! Sigh !
And then we put the trucks in a row on dedicated lanes , w/ the motor in one of them , and we have ... a train .
Schools are closed for today as Kalam sir expired yesterday . And he once said 'Mark no national holiday on my death ' .
Be polite because what : They 'll shoot you ? Looking at your pic I think you 'll be ok
Lord Sewell may be expelled from the House of Lords by the same rules/standards that he helped draft .
Clay and Shelli talking about what kind of dogs they hate to pet . Meanwhile , Clay is petting Shelli . ironic bb17 bblf bbad
My real name is HAZEreen ... its funny every haze season haha ironic
USDA announces 46 million food stamp recipients ! USForestServices signs : do n't feed animals - else they become dependentirony
I think 56 Nights brazy , no wonder the mixtape cover is in Arabic Ironic
Best thing is I ca n't even read the article because it is blocked by the ISP on the orders of Thai authorities , lol .
haters are the motivators
That 's the real definition of
Peaople quoting Kalam under so called secularism.Irony
Billionaire founder of explains how he sparked a craft-beer revolution via ironic
I asked ten people .. Of what would they remember Dr. Kalam for .... And all of them said his simplicity and rocket science .
A woman complained to the train conductor about a young man 's `` loud '' music after she 'd had an animated conversation on her phone . ironic
Seeing all my `` heys '' left unanswered but yet they have kids and are married already . dodgingbulletz matrixthisbit
Nokia created a launcher for Android and now Microsoft has come up with one ! What 's happening here ! Ironic
of India .. No value of education and companies prefer to hire undergraduates rather than hiring someone who is much more qualified .
One more Password got engaged today n shamelessly I eat the sweets send by them .
AlbatrossA metaphor meaning a psychological burden that feels like a curse.ironic beach vacation
Said a racist , homophobic , privileged Caucasian that refuses to let others be their true selves . Hypocrite
how far we 've come .
I saw the pics of the show and yeah , the place was so full of ppl . Just like here in Europe . ironic
I Do you call me unChristian and yet you name call , judge and support abortion .
So the plaza is n't 'Kalungi ' after all ! WordPlay
yes he 's callous ! Those who stole us blind and looted our commonwealth r humane & amp ; compassionate ! paradox
So other people are idiots , but here you are lambasting an entire race in absolutist terms ? ! ?
We are asked for our password just to see our orders but no additional validation is needed in order to purchase something .. ironic
I am iron man . -Tony Stark ( iron man ) ironmanquotes iron man TheIronyIsThatTheSuitIsntEvenMadeOfIron
says that is being infiltrated by `` hard left & amp ; Tories '' in Corbyn election . Not the hard right , then ?
bashes `` sensationalist press '' yet yells `` confirmed '' at `` inconclusive results '' fail
Almost , Everyone is willing to gain something out of anyone 's death.Irony
Mr Putin reckons SeppBlatter should have a Nobel Peace Prize . That 's like Ron Jeremy saying that Pinocchio is a filthy pervert . wtf
So tired of this insomnia ironic 😅😴
is whn a ex president works more than a prsnt president till his last breath .. ( Y ) .RESPECTRIP-AbdulKalamSir : (
I spent the money I made from taking my pro-serve to drink alcohol irresponsibly . Ironic
I 'm not sure what to make of this juxtaposition on the Twitter feed this morning . Prophecy or ?
because if my life was n't enough of a shit show , has a `` John Tucker Must Die `` quiz on their front page
My iPhone just crashed and reset itself as I was loading the Apple website . Dafauq ... You had one job ! ironic GetYourShitTogether apple
`` wait a minute , you 're NOT a virgin and you could be PREGNANT ? '' wisdom inconceivable TheBachelorette
Managed to rip my arm open on an emergency/safety box of all things ... to the hospital I go
Everyone sharing Kalamsir 's `` Do not declare holiday .. '' message . Meanwhile just heard tht Rajya Sabha is adjourned for today also .
First time a guerrilla force chooses to hold territory is when we hesitate to put BootsOnGround . Ironic wot ? PBI R4Today
yes , Miranda v. Arizona . Plus mimes ca n't unambiguously invoke that right since they wo n't speak .
All the girls who preach about girls needing to be nice and all this crap are some of the meanest girls I know
masters the art of irony .
Just spat my tea out reading that headline ...
not at all . You pointed out that I was embarrassing myself . I was just pointing out your spelling mistake . ironic
Snowman guts ! ironic ; - )
could n't resist that . ironic
Expensive to recruit nurses from overseas ? I have been saying so for years . How much did this obvious outcome cost the tax payer ? Ironic
VladimirPutin announces that SeptBlatter should get a NobelPrize for services to football . No money was involved whatsoever . Just
Two people playing with a deck of cards and neither has a heart .
As Google now dominates over iOS regarding Software and Services it actually serves Apple 's business model of selling hardware .
is to read `` my bestie '' in Bio of newbie 😭😭😭~seriously ! !
I 'm so tired of ballin ' 😂😂😂 ironic
Today : Bickering over definition of ironyLooking for blu-tack designerproblems designer UX waste
Ha check out the names ...
Sharing a msg recd over Whatsapp - 2 Indian films rake in over 500 Cr and yet we say still waiting for `` achche din '' .
I feel like a third wheel sometimes like why I 'm even here ? ..
I liken this to the ones who COMPLAIN about the complainers .
Coming in from a hard day to this ai n't to shabby ! OldCity AnythingbutOld AddisonRealEstate soBright
While tries to eliminate differences , fairness creams go all out to increase them .
U are sell out hanging out with that slapper lucinda . She believes in Irish water and the party whip
An Australian enquiry ? Same Australia that criminalises those making allegations of sexual abuse in containment camps ?
even after sizable inputs u did n't get time for 'truth ' finding on this .. but got plenty of time for
Just found `` do we need four whole pages describing a museum ? '' written in my GeekGirl manuscript . I GOT EXCITED , OKAY ? & gt ; & lt ;
Qaddafi 's Son Saif sentenced 2 DeathThose who destroyed such a Peaceful country having highest HDI in Africa at dat time r enjoyingIrony
Watching KliqWeek on , says `` some people are still angry with us '' and boom !
Berlin Nazi-built stadiums host Europe 's biggest Jewish sports event . history
KalamSir he disbelieved in protocols , and now these protocols are delaying cremation ceremony , which is forbidden ! !
There 's only one thing that can make me feel okay but it 's bawal for the heart . ironic
Sturgeon rattling her saber on the international scene wasting tax payers ' money post
His snores have a warp drive ? ironic
Is it a bad/sad thing to say that as a Writer I hate caffeine but as a bus Driver caffeine is necessary ? Irony
but love bragging bout the dumb shit ironic 😑👐🏾
Layers and layers of it . ; - )
Wait this is a WHOLE article dedicated to ESPN having no shame for using America 's Team for attention ?
Step 1 : Fly a private plane that burns 347 gallons of fuel per hour . Hillary2016
That God character is obsessed many times with human penis in its magic book of myths hypocrite
I am using a dual Intel Xeon PC with 40 threads , 4.5TB disc space & amp ; 32GB RAM to run Windows calculator . The is not lost on me .
no Hindus go around marrying sisters/first cousins that 's what they do !
I had to pay for thisBut at least I have my dignityOh the ironyfood dinner dignity pride
`` The bitter of life is we race to get on the fastest horse ... of the merry-go-round . '' DailyMonica R. Ashbaugh race carousel
sadly however `` demands '' there 's little or no respect ( or support ) for the ones that dare ( and want ) to beat the odds
In Other news Karnataka Lokayuktha Chief 's Son is arrested on Bribe Allegations
Monday 's FirstTake said wrestling is fake . On RAW , breaks 's nose .
Jose seriously said Arsenal are trying to buy the league ? No words for that guy 😂😂
Some thoughts about future ads and came to this amuse picture poster art ironic cupid space home faith
Fab quote of the day freedom police pullover
hey big poppa pump . Would hogan fight you if you wore a black mask you think ? ironic comevisitLondonsoon
We cut down trees to make paper , then write 'Save Trees ' on the same paper . conservation nature WorldNatureConservationDay
ہم ڈیم نہیں بنائیں گے because next world war would be on/in water and we want Pak army and Pakistanis to learn how to survive in it
Lisa Nicole calling Quad a hood rat is like a hooker calling an escort a dirty whore . MarriedtoMedicine hypocrite
Wine can keep me up all night ! passion
A party who did a 126 day Dharna with the help of ISI , could n't win General Elections .
I 'm feel sleepy but I do n't feel like sleeping . Does that even make sense ? lol
got up early to drive home so I could get to work on time . my tire blew out on the way there . now have to call out of work .
hotplate Christina with a refs whistle . .. thats a first ! !
they try to impose more austerity measures out of what has been agreed . You can call it democratic in a way
Very ! Better to leave workplace and eat outdoors or with friends . Not using social media welldoingatwork
much appreciated ! Prepping for the exam really hammers in the basic tenet of finance `` work ( invest ) now for future gains '' ironic
Moaning about the lack of community is the most community I 've felt in ages !
Survival series ! Its an everyday experience , so swing to the next stage life
Where I bought pastilles that launched a violent coughing fit during ( Herheim ) PARSIFAL prelude .
Things that make you go hmmm ! TruDat TrueStory Funny Ironic AGlitchInTheMatrix
I spent the last two hours researching medication and wow , I 'm getting a headache .
coming up with Experience centres where we can pick up our orders from . Can anyone else see the here ? BackToSquareOne
People use twitter to read news and newspapers to read tweets . Ironic
Heh MS Word does n't have startups in its dictionary . capitalistproblems
Actual stuck in a lift ! entrapment CSG Google9thFloor FM OnlyHappensInMovies with Wayne
My last weekend of freedom ... kind of a drag . Ironic Still ca n't wait though EndOfSummer TurnUp
Some dude outside the tube stn is shouting abt unconditional love ... In a pseudo-aggressive way ... Lol londonlife spiritual
Black Hat code of conduct needed ironic honoramongtheives cybersecurity
collin but I have rebirth on my iPad now ! I can make awesome stuff !
Hehe , great example of whitefragility ;
Kinda funny how Goodell would n't give over his phone in the Mueller report but the NFL wanted Brady 's
Saw a girl had a tattoo of an anchor on her neck . Written above `` Unsinkable . '' I do n't think she knows what an anchor does . ?
Putin a man who fails to condemn one of his own missiles destroying a passenger plane makes Nobel Peace Prize suggestions
Loving my name more and more these days ! ! blessed HowDoesHeDoIt GodIsGood
Hmm , need o find me one of these tees : D
Lololol . That 's that whole survival of the fittest/evolution thing at work . 😉
Thanks funny sad
so shamelessly endorsing negative publicity towards ppl from within the industry.Then he asks trolls to behave
I 'm getting less interested in Facebook . But here I am posting this to let you all know .
Meeks `` amen '' just came up on songza forgot about that collabo . ironic
This is laughable from the biggest Chelski rent boy of them all ! jerk
i always lost the argument ...... bt also ended up losing the relationship ironic
The wildest of wild 'animals ' being domesticated by the independent evolution of our own creation ? Irony
Which is funny cuz that 's the opposite of what you make my phone do . ha ha ha classic comedy .
maybe run over by a euthanasia van ? ironic
My online shop gets so few visits , yet so many solicitation emails from manufacturers . Sigh .
The serpent beguiled him
We tried ( and failed ) to sing this in the car ironic alanis jaggedlittlepill work music tuesday
maybe someone got the wrong info of the internet ? They cant lie on the internet can they ?
was listening 2 U at work today Paul whilst planning how 2 help YP living with parental MH
what an incredibly well-researched opinion
Jonathan Pollard will return to Israel just in time for us to get bombed by Iran .
TS •Out of the domestic race • I ca n't do the ironing ! Ironic 😗
I used to Look Out for people , Now I just Look Out for people ! ! realtalk changes wordsofwisdom liveandlearn
Latte landmark no mo
Left out the back door for this morning 's run so I would n't wake everyone up by opening the garage , but the alarm was still on .
Ryan O'Reilly getting killed on Twitter , the vehicle that he & amp ; his dad ( more so ) used to damage a relationship with the Avs & amp ; fans
the biggest of a man 's life is he spends his entire life fighting with everyone to earn money but still ca n't take a pai after death .
Only pussies dip skoal but I 'm not gon na lie I love skoal peach pussies
I still `` Ca n't make friends '' . 😕 Was trying to have them be friends . Got this work event . Ironic
O'Gorman is rockin ' ; said `` I 've nothing revolutionary to share '' right after `` I had a heart attack '' in midst of workchange ! hicevents
is being at an event on JCPOA while a deadly bombing in Bahrain w/explosives matching those intercepted from Iran smuggling ops .
Reading this while waiting for our AC repair guy .
The bird in the cage ... sadly watches the butterflies flutter away .. irony
you never answered my questions about divorce . Once again , doing what you accuse me of doing .
Have n't forgotten how PlannedParenthood supporters savaged Susan G Komen when they tried to withdraw support . ironic
I can only dress my unicorn character well . I suck at real people clothes .
Just learned that the area code 786 is for Miami
I will import this from FB though , because 😜👊🏼👍🏼
Survey conducted on twitter about dumbness .
NFL Goodell So , a man who once destroyed evidence that could have hurt Pats is now punishing a Pats QB for destroying evidence .
but the bachelorette is your favorite show ?
and to all TomBrady haters , you 'd be just as furious if Tom was starting QB for ur team you 'd be just as outraged
is when you1 . Join a gym2 . Marry a sick boxer nicknamed `` the tick '' 3 . Engage in sick bouts4 . Get dumped for acting like a deviant
Hey likes pandas , and ....
I would enjoy my fav drink , a London Fog , while enjoying the view of Big Ben . iconic ironic NonstopLondon
In learning to develop a survey , one has to complete survey questions .
It 's a fact that male sets the rule , but it 's also a fact the male ca n't change the rule ! FactIsFact
KalamSir that 's Congress .....
Warrior Though there is real risk of Russia evolving to a Fascist State with all of their anti-Facsim .
Today is my 3rd wedding anniversary
I feel like you should n't answer these Qs anymore . Obviously they wont stop until you 'pander ' to their needs
Man I just left the liquor store on base . They ai n't even id me .
Guess what abortion opponents ? If you defund PlannedParenthood , unplanned pregnancies & amp ; abortions will skyrocket . ironic
Pats fans hate Goodell right now . So they 'll fight back by ... buying more TomBrady merchandise at the NFL shop . topsellingjersey
Interesting people are n't genrally the ones who are self centered . Ironic
A city bus advertising on its side
Greenhouse losing the battle with nature ... ironic
The fact that I was watching this last night ironic
Clearing out the spambox , one says `` Our email marketing can generate tons of new leads . '' Well , clearly not . marketing
British Peer Resigns House of Lords for Using Hookers and CocaineHouseofLords parliament hypocrisy ,
While No court can entertain any appeal against KP RTS commission orders , KP RTI commission orders can be appealed in dist courts .
People may think its cruel to call out WalterJamesPalmer . Almost like hes being hunted huh ? ironic CecilTheLion
Now you know how atheists feel .
Kind of resembles a young Bear Bryant .
Do n't worry guys as soon as we get back to school the sun will come back out ! ironic
ironic however anybody deserves a $ fight over Berto .. But khan barely passed Algeri so he a B+ fight
Washington DC out . Could have waited until after the copy deadline ...
today would be a good day for Twitter to unveil the button
Tonight/tomorrow morning we can expect lots of people criticizing the leadership and inefficiency of $ TWTR via the Twitter platform
what r u talking about `` dream '' we had this convo last night stillafraidofgettingbullied ironic dream life
Oh man . I got my new shirt in the mail ! ! It 's so cool ! ! Ca n't wait to rock it tonight ! !
Trump Campaign Spokesman : “ Mr . Trump speaks for Mr. Trump and nobody but Mr. Trump speaks for him . ” politics funny Donaldtrump
The only thing that Mourinho 's comments regarding the expenditure of other teams proves , is that he has a very dry sense of humour.Irony
TenThingsNotToSayToAWriter - 'Why would I want to read that ? It 's all made up . ' - my mother while watching a TV soap confusedgenes
Why is it that I unsubscribe from things 10 times more often than I subscribe to them ? EmailMarketing
stop talking to me in the third person Ironic
the inside of retro fitness is the same colors as McDonald 's bushdid911
Tyson Ha ha , yeah the British Broadcasting Corporation .
People lose their shit over farts . comedy
They are `` Un-identified '' but they are Muslims
Tom Brady 's first game back after his suspension ? At Lucas oil
ironic is sports talk radio personalities talking about woman as head coach not being legit 680thefan
Radio just played Neon light by then Kerosene by ironic
Found this on the ground ...
I love cutting redundancies from passages in which writers talk about cutting redundancies . editing writing
. pleased that established FCCReform task force , but worried it may get mired in its own endless processes . meta
When people who protest using rats for research do n't bat an eye at PlannedParenthood selling BabyParts the world is upside down
for a terrorsit . IronyYakubDebate ( 2/2 )
Sitting in a dirty taxi with a surly driver in Boston . Cab has a sticker that says “ keep calm and regulate uber ”
As long as people like are openly criticizing Robot-AI futures , we know we can safely ignore them . deeplearning
GunControl Govns . would like to restrict citizens owning guns , while same time telling us terrorists are everywhere !
Of course we score runs when Teheran pitches . 2 would 've been good enough for Shelby or Wood last night .
Today . I need motivation . Watching some videos gave that to me . Ironic ? yeah pretty much . oxymorons
Same people who are supporting bhai and believe that he did no wrong are the one 's asking for death penalty ...
Patriots first game after Brady suspension : Week 6 vs ... the Colts . mustseetv
Apparently there 's a hardcore hater out there who does n't know what 'nonentity ' means . Are you gon na tell her or shall I ? ironic ohdear
Where do the Flames site on the waiver order ?
The of missing my chance to play a doctor for a film project because I was sick ! Go figure . laughitoff
CleanCode teaches us to make code more readable yet uses TLAs ( three letter acronyms ) itself all over the place . WTF ? DevThoughts
Just witnessed an 'Animal Rescue Car ' hit a deer ... 😳
regram Life is ironic
KCA VoteJKT48ID caitlin foley : Just witnessed an 'Animal Rescue Car ' hit a deer ...
PP killing 90k black babies & amp ; 11million+ illegals ; hearing black girls cackle about how whites will be extinct soon makes me laugh .
Sorting books and found this one.cosby lilbill toofunny 90s news goodreads funny mybiglie lol humor ironic
Suddenly the POLICE are a necessary ASSET in his life ? LMAOIrony
If 4 games upheld , Brady 's first game back would be against the Colts DeflateGate
sad filmmakers whose living is dependant on copyright are so unsupportive of copyright ironic
am brown but my mouth is still watering at rick steins cooking series in India ironic curryinahurry yum
Of course 💁🏼 ! ! funnypictures Love ironic istrue 😘😝
`` It will rain in these ROUND CIRCLES .. '' I just love weather reporters stupid 😅
No public Figure tried to stop the Hanging of Bhagat Singh . Now few Psychos Pouring their heart out for a terrorsit . IronyYakubDebate
. you misspelled Kentucky in your school system ranking . ironic
It 's kinda ironic that Studios ' 1st female lead character in an MCU movie/TV show will be .
helping Lalit Modi on humanitarian grounds is called Lalitgate and Yakub 's mercy req by intellects called YakubDebate
The ones you want do n't want you
`` I could n't hang out with some THAT stupid . '' Key Randa on Midge from that70sshow at its best .
I need some happier music : switches from Slayer to The Smiths .
time for a walk while listening to walk ?
Ummm that 's what CHEATING , ie what his CLIENT , does .
HULK NOT UNDERSTAND BRITISH PUNY HUMANS . HULK THINK THEM NEED TO LEARN TO TALK ENGLISH BETTER .
a violation of Iraq 's sovereignty put this man and his predecessor in power
Yep correction was spelt incorrectly . ironic coldhands touchscreen
rear-ended by someone ordering while driving . Oilers
Please vote for Vapor IO 's Data Center Cataloging talk by Andrew Cencini & amp ; the OpenStack proposal for ironic integ…
Boyne - Wow . You wishing a severe illness on someone yet your last tweet re Ricksons birthday . stayclassy
LOL dat awkward moment when you accidentally squirt your stress-relief soap in ya eyes and start crying ironic
the last three digits of my license number are 420 .
In 1st place by 13 games in front of the Red Sux and yet the Yankees suck ? ironic redsoxsuck letsgoyankees chasing28
Goodell is just trying to restore his reputation while ruining the reputation of one of the best QBs of all time at the same time Ironic
So weird ! ! Seinfeld dontrentwithfox
you know what I love ? That you fools are on a Saudi owned network . Womenslivesmatter
whit aboot Vidkun Quisling ?
My crush is retweeting his crush 's tweet 😂
My Pre-Hire call is mid-Caribana trip . 😩 Reminder
Glass of wine & amp ; The Hangover ironic 🍷📺
Stewart called Fox News a “ relentless agenda-driven 24-hour news opinion propaganda delivery system . ''
I own one thing from urban & amp ; it was a crop top on clearance . That place is too expensive to look broke . ironic
Found it ironic NFL announced Brady appeal decision it started raining . I 'm heading to wake for season ticket holder since 1970 RIPKenny
Today felt like death by pensions
Oops . $ 15 minimum wage puts workers above poverty line , intelligible for welfare . Ironic LOL
Look ! It 's Men in Blazers with no blazers .
I know , loads of these blockers are Ukippers who go on endlessly about `` freedom of speech '' : - )
Oh the irony , left pain management doctor office because after waiting 1 1/2 hours , pain was unbearable . ironic painmanagement
Trying to book a holiday is so stressful struggling here ffs 😡 Ijustwanttorelax 😭
I think I would need a very large drink with that lot .
Breakfast at a Japanese restaurant , ' I 'm sorry Sir we ran out of green tea yesterday ! ' Um .... ironic
Mourinho taking digs at arsenal for spending ... I 've never laughed this much my whole life
Just saw a `` student driver '' instructor driving like a maniac .
we ` 're dead but still have a bigger fan base in 3 years than them in over 100
Added a short write-up about Buy the Leaderboard to the blog . mobilegame freetoplay hypocrisy jokeapp
. talks abt her anglophone privilege in Montreal while trying to invent something called `` billingual privilege '' cdnpoli
Ironic that the Bush that fathered HW also helped father PP , but now his party tries to abort PP ... Lol .
Mm getting copied into a tweet accusing someone else of being a bigot
Rand Paul 's meritocracy/libertarian beliefs converge w/ kingmaking reality of campaign finances
SHIT TITLES IHosiana ©15 sonnet poem : DShit the puzzle pieces not fitting togetherShit all the ...
Half way through Summer and AC finally works at work , now throat is sore and neck hurts summercoldorallergies
`` Due to insuff . sanitization [ ] input patch stream , possible [ ] patch file to cause patch ( 1 ) to run commands ''
has hired several new staff people to poach reviews ! ironic WalterPalmer
most nice people with superior morals tend to avoid calling people trailertrashironyBrainDecay
Really need to go to Dicks but I also really want to workout ironic
Only 31 C in rainy Orlando Fla today . All the way to Florida to beat the Napanee heat wave .
arthur After 3 weeks chasing 200 guys riding 3,500km , it 's kinda ironic I 've spent the last 2 days on a bike .
Ca n't seem to get any content in the chat room via a mobile device ? UX ironic
In 1970s , Bill Gates & amp ; fellow MS programmers used ROP coding all the time to fit big code to tiny ROM.ironic history
If I am not mistaken it seems to me that Jeb is more progressive when it comes to immigration than Bernie .
The prettier the pencil , the pettier the penmanship 😂 pencil…
BB17 again BBafterdark . .. where does Jackie get off saying that Liz has done nothing in the game ? 😲😲
the tweet immediately below this one was from speaktruth
Man who 's a proud member of a group which has historically supported child abuse whines that same sex couples hurt children . AusPol
An African lion is killed , white people up in arms . African people are killed , most of us stand by & amp ; watch . CecilTheLion dentist
Guess it would kill to play some fcking strings/percussion from time to time instead of buttons that go 'MOOGWOW '
WalterPalmer You are scum . I hope you lose all your money and live on the street with cats . CecilTheLion youLiar Asshole douche
Sister Cristina - Like A Virgin IRONIC ICONIC Lightenupworld via
Flight Mode is mostly used by people travelling by train and road .. Fact
Talk about trust issues lol Ironic
Runnin a little experiment here ( I finally realize ) I included the word 'pray ' in a tweet . pray Haha
Chicago Lego store . Notice that Doctor Doom is on Trump Towers . ironic
Ironically , Trainwreck is a good movie . ItsABlackFlyInYourChardonnay
Saying your product is superior to Java and then advertising that you 're hiring java developers just does n't work
brilliant ... that odd ashleymadison jingle sounded a lot like `` could n't get it right '' by the climax blues band
Mudding passes WERE included ... until they became in violation of Subsection C35 of the new bylaws introduced by Mr. Litt .
Is it when 's site crashes my iPhone ?
When the banks rob us , what do you call that ?
Funny putting this on facebook . This is the real of our lives…
I 'm considered to be a token feminist at my new work . Oh the
Anyone who thinks that the guy who killed that lion deserves violence/death is clearly a bit of an idiot.irony
just had a call a Jaguar is parked in the carshare space in victoria carpark , the rego is NOBB
did you see the pyramid on mars yet ? We 're trying to get ppl to mars , but what if we originally came from there
When adding drugs to help your anxiety actually causes you anxiety .... MentalHealthProbs
I & lt ; 3 it when manipulators complain about other manipulators and then turn around and do the exact thing they r complaining about . ironic
randomthought The guys who give out those giant checks for millions of dollars probably only get paid $ 15/hr part time at best
The sound went out before CastParty . The video previews look great !
I need a trigger warning before I read articles about the need for trigger warnings . endlesscycle
“ The people in life who want deals are n't even the type to give deals . Weird ” smh ironic
`` A Little Party Never Killed Nobody '' is on The Great Gatsby soundtrack .
I just spent appx . $ 60 on a new mic… find myself with nothing to say .
Jim trying to sell me paperless esurance ...
You ever been killed by police SWAT team using grenades+military weaps for `` making noise '' before ? ironic
haha says we 're violent then chucks out a casual death threat .
I really REALLY want to start a Bullet Journal but I also feel like I do n't have time/patience for that ironic
... While you deliver your msg through social MEDIA .
Survivors and our allies wrote that letter . Be nice if focused on us for a moment . misogyny NoAmnesty4pimps
The IRS operates similarly to the mafia but mobsters get busted for tax evasion ironic truth
turned up to the office specifically and only for free cake , left my lunch at home work office food life ironic Alanis
Get away from me sleep ... MUST KEEP STUDYING dying ironic
let 's be honest . Anything Drake puts out is 🔥 ... Ironic
Photo : Beautiful visitor on Saturday.💛 soul travel butterflies butterfly visitors beautiful ...
Says the Barcelona fan
Is PlannedParenthood teaming up with BlackLivesMatter the definition of Or Oxymoron WomenBetrayed
When AAPtards say greatness does n't need to be advertised and quote APJAbdulKalam I just remember the Rs.500cr advertising budget .
Oh Deep Blue Sea , you are fucking terrible.But yet , I watch .
I was gon na go to bed early ... but I do n't need to do that . For whatever reason now , I wannalearn to play NoSleeep on the piano Ironic
Jenner watching IAmCait right now & amp ; you 're w the Prescott family . Keep raising awareness . ❤️ courageous
Typical got soaked walking home just about to get in it stops raining annoyed
I do n't wish WalterPalmer physical harm , but I ca n't feel sorry for him if he feels hunted or if his family is hurting
Oh have `` Baby it 's Cold Outside '' stuck in my head ... Tomorrow is expected to be the hottest day of the year . summer
lmao 😜 exactly why i retweeted it . saw some `` fuckboy tweets '' then this one ironic
Hmm , fairfax headline : 'It 's past racism , it 's bullying ' . Is that worse because it happens to white people ?
My Question is , when will God Use HillaryClinton as Example of Great Sense of & amp ; Justice ? SoWeMaySee ! tcot ccot
ve Will that really work ?
I 've never had a problem not listening to the temptations
I 'm sending this from my phone ... butsotrue
I could n't be any more peaceful then I am now but I could n't be any more violent then I am now too .
A Con MP on 5live demanding the EC do something to make France ensure free movement at Chunnel ! EULaw
Coming from a nuclear technology 's black marketeer !
person who showed NO MERCY to others has filed for a MERCY PETITION YakubMemon
what about the people who were killed during your infamous hit and run case ? Lol . You just killed humanity
As hard as itry to go to sleep when I 'm supposed to I ca n't ironic
Finding ways to stop procrastinating is the ultimate form of procrastination Ironic StillNotDoingWhatYouShouldBe
So when HulkHogan walked around saying `` Brotherrrrrrrr '' all these years he was being racist ? I think not lol ironic none the less
is when you1 . Found a clan2 . Marry a sinful leader nicknamed `` the rat '' 3 . Nurture a sinful ego4 . Get dumped for acting like a liar
Ummm ... works so well for you , yeah ?
T Party candidate 2016election copywriting proofreading RandPaul spelling typo
Isis sandwiched between love shack and harmony .
are you sure you want to be promoting catastrophe on the same night your service has been down for 2 hours ?
Maybe it 's bc I took it for myself about 2 or 3 months ago . Winning Ironic
When the hunter becomes the hunted CecilTheLion BurnInHellWalterPalmer
Hmm so YakubMemon decision on life and death will be on WorldTigerDay
Who would have thought Fifa actually had an ethics committee ...
Funnier if u do n't have a bae
Does anyone see the in this ? privateaviation flying bizav
Johnson ha ha ha ... So there are crore n crore of BJP voters r fake n these 60 lakh delhi AAPtards r real ! ! Irony
It seems like people that call into radio shows have never talked to another human being before .
Books on Ethics are most stolen .
I call because my internet is n't working , they tell me they ca n't get into my account because their internet is n't working ironic
People saying how awful that lion killer is as they tuck into their eggs , bacon , sausage and black pudding at breakfast
☆☆☆ like this hottie who is crazy abt them white boiz and the `` American dream ''
the Crow reboot can not RIP until the franchise can come back and kill the box office ... one last time .
Looks like they need some `` democracy '' ! Let a new WAR begin ! shame USA Kepler
Website promising discretion to people looking for extra-marital affairs suffers data breach
So a lion killed a man this morn . And he was black ! CecilTheLion BlackLivesMatter
My luggage is home while I 'm still stuck in LAX Ironic 🙍
Latest mentions for Joe Bar : - RT Not by my estimation @ Joe Bar Cafe
You 're asking that on Twitter .
While some are photogenic but just Ok physically . ironic
Re : protective tariffs , some observe imposing tariff on foreign competitor amounts to a subsidy for the domestic one .
Twitter shares sink 10 % as execs warn on user growth spreading bad news about twitter on twitter - ironic
you writing new lyrics for Alanis Morrisette ? She does need help ! ironic
Poor Indians helped 2 movies to make nearly 500 crore in a week
But I never smile ironic
Sr Cdn military man charged w sex abuse of a young cadet is named Stalker . . . ?
If you 've never paid $ 50k and shot a lion with an arrow yourself , thou shall not judge those who have
Mandatory training : able-body-biased , windows-only video which documents how to use a `` web based tool with user friendly interface '' .
Everyone wants that , but only a few are actually working towards it .
Got ta love the rare times it 's slightly more difficult for people to trace exactly what I 'm doing without having to interact with me
Tom Brady returns from suspension against none other than Indianapolis ironic
S/O my dawg for making me see the light .. NightLife
... but only if you can already read this sign ... yousureaboutthis wahwah burbank reading
PSG are in talk with SMC for the french left back , Alexandre Raineau to warm le banc and make coffee for Maxwell .
People Are Always Stiff To Someone , But Be Getting Stiffed On By Someone Else Ironic
When you realise tat you are engineer ! Older wiser and blah blah life moreblah
Cough medicine ; gone down the wrong hole ! Oh the
Tweeting instead of finishing this well-constructed argument that I do n't have problematic Internet/social media usage .
Is not it Ironic that esurance had to film a tree being cut down and play it in reverse to illustrate saving trees ?
many of those now crying foul were calling for the end the old system ironic
kush on a sesh pap advertising a quarter million condo while sitting in a half mil one .
ironicdemocracy worldwideliterally means '' common people ’ s rule ” or , more simply '' people ’ s power . ”
CecilTheLion 's killer is now the one who 's being hunted ironic karma RIPCecil
thought of day : fulfilling duties of ones position . Are BBC reporters doing duty when it comes to weneedtotalkaboutjeremy
Leann Rimes , I ca n't think of a single word it does though .
The bloke that ` s given us Lambie & amp ; Lazarus , calls Noconfidence on a legendary of 30+ years in politics BronwynBishop . onya Clive
Leveon Bell has his suspension reduced for violating the NFL drug policy . Tom Brady has his upheld for letting air out of a football .
T Party candidate 2016election copywriting proofreading RandPaul spelling typo
Circle of life RT On : People Are Always Stiff To Someone , But Be Getting Stiffed On By Someone Else Ironic
. The same way I hate the police but support gun confiscation and bigger govt as the answer to all social ills .
Quote by my partner You name it & amp ; it 's made in China quote of the day brand reality monopoly tense funny business
Not by my estimation @ Joe Bar Cafe
When a classmate who hated you back in college suddenly added you on facebook and stalk you now . Ironic
and what about the follower brands ?
Lol me and Avi both favorited at the same time ironic 😂💁🏾
I hate haters ! 😂 ironic
Just got a leaflet through the door advertising the need for leaflet distributors ! ironic
The is that I thought I had tweeted this hours ago and almost got annoyed with myself for not having done it .
I called out the top commenter for internalized misogyny and unnecessary meanness and she said `` Stop attacking me ! '' 😂😂
Wait . The Phillies play the Blue Jays tonight in Toronto . It can not get any better than this . you are GOOD ! Ironic BackToBack
great service ! notreally wasteoftime
. in fact RO is relying on those same `` drug dealers '' to help cap pricing .
Funny how people abandon loyalty for cheap thrills but those who are used to thrills would kill for loyalty . but its still MOB
Zudy , a mobile company is on the screen behind BillBelichick ironic DeflateGate
We got rain on rainday ironic Now if only I can learn to turn OFF my rainbarrel vs letting all the H2O waste after I done ! !
Someone on FB called Goodes a sook . I asked why and got called a faggot . Who 's the sook ? isupportAdamGoodes
Bondarenko retired ? This happens when I predict her to upset Nastia
you lose all sense & amp ; logic when you listen to the hate towards , Griffin McMaster says he should be deported ; an Aboriginal
Maybe Spencer has multiple personalities , one half 🅰 other half trying to figure it out . PLLChat PLLTheory PLL
It 's 9:00 and it 's only 87 degrees ? I need a hoodie . This cold weather is killing me . heatalert
This show was great , funny as hell but so much thought .... boondocks theboondocks
So funny that the is talking g about good looking people ... beingatroll
Dentist slays beloved lion ; social media mob outraged ; calls for brutal dismemberment of this man 's life CecilTheLion LordoftheFlies
what else is new . How about that Flexball sponsor behind him tho ? ironic
You 're asking ALLAH for the things you want . But are you doing what he wants you to do ? Really ?
Formula One : Rising star Max Verstappen to take driving lessons during summer break : D Ironic
why is n't there choice to hunt wild animals when unborn children are murdered daily due to a mothers right to choose .
LeannaLaskey : Annnnd they 're my seat mates on the plane travel
Macklemore really ? $ 50 for a tees shirt ? Ironic relatable ( Vine by )
Startin to feel like Meek gon need Nicki to ghostwrite a response to Drake ! smh
T Party candidate 2016election copywriting proofreading RandPaul spelling typo
Antisemitic troll accuses `` Zionists '' of producing hate against Jews ! 😂😂
One day left ! Please vote for my lion art on it seems ironic in light of the recent tragedy ! RIP CecilTheLion
People can move heaven and earth to go shopping but never make one small gesture towards the people they `` love ''
You subtweet so much no one cares anymore ironic
Is n't it ironic , do n't u think ? Ironic
The of new show on being sponsored by Lambrini ! ! ! shesachavatheart poshpeopledrink hypocrite
Wow - this paper rocking the metrics ! endocrinedisruption missingafewzeros slowburner
. = Sponging law breaking hypocrite with immense sense of entitlement who aims to lecture despised host country on `` Justice '' .
Knicks tried to resign Ndour , but `` he would NOT BREAK HIS VERBAL AGREEMENT with Mark Cuban '' KnicksBitten
When you point out a typo for a friend but have a typo yourself in that message.😩Ironic
Crooks being crooks in prison . I 'm pretty sure there 's some in there .
Fuck me . From someone who lives in Liverpool .
'Tweeting ' about the Bird Walk & amp ; Talk ... ironic GPevents
Ppl who dmd death for rapist r same people who dmd mercy for terrorists . hypocrites Adarshliberals
Indians have an opinion on how `` you '' can do your job better , but no clue as to how `` I '' can do my job better .
BackToBackFreestyle Decent . Not BEST Diss I 've heard . Ether still holds that distinction . Can Meek bring it or needs a Ghostwriter ?
A Death sentence will be executed on the day of Abdul Kalam cremation ..
comedy carlosstealci The of Carlos commenting on joke stealing . Comics called him out multiple times !
Typical commentator before Tyson fight : `` This might be the man to take Tyson into later rounds '' . After a rd1 KO : `` stop fighting bums ''
They complain about cutting up a video ? PPSellsBabyParts
R.I.C.O . Just ca n't on my Pandora station . Ironic
HipHop was getting too political .. glad we getting back to our ways `` Drake voice `` Ironic
Champion Adam Goodes gets booed at Subiaco Oval - Aussies cheer every time they make a run at Edgebaston thanksgoodsey
Hey TomBrady you AGREED to make to play the role as the arbitrator . You Brady lead the during these negotiations
Christians who dismiss evolution , but drive to church in a car that uses fossil fuels . atheism logic
It 's funny but I like my women chunky but I hate the fact that I , myself , have gotten chunky . LMFAO ! bbw chunky
Oh the irony ... obviously vetoing shows that you have nothing to hide ... Russia Ukraine MH17
I find it ironic that many who do n't believe want to educate you on what you believe with statements like `` Do n't Judge .. ''
And this is how they spread hatred and discord among people .. all in the name of liberalism & amp ; secularism !
A guy at breakfast was so upset about Cecil the lions killing I thought for sure he was going to choke on his bacon and egg sandwich .
Whoever said swimming is good for the figure should take a good look at the whale .
Today 's `` Worst Driver '' award goes to the guy behind the wheel of a van belonging to the Transportation Cabinet .
John tool boehner is the one getting oust now !
Funny that . Sole purpose is distraction from BlackLivesMatter in a direct contradiction of their own words .
or anything vinegary ... ironic VT
I have a suspicion that the people who gasp at a well-placed `` fuck '' are the same ones who go on & amp ; on about the `` PC police . ''
Hippie Activists hanging from synthetic rope or using plastic kayaks , all petroleum based products , to protest Shell Oil icebreaker .
`` Hold Up Wait A Minute , Y'all Thought I Was Finished ? '' 😂 `` : Drake was n't finished with meek 😩 BackToBack ''
You know when you 've worked hard at the gym when it hurts to open the fridge door .
Thousand of tweets on YakubMemon at last terrorist will hang after 22yrs in jail & amp ; on his birthday buy what 's of democracyrising
And here we are launching an Indian spirit in the US market Ironic Feni India Boozetalk
People are very selective about what upsets them , certainly . Doublestandards ironic etc etc . I generally disagree with everyone : )
Irony : women who date assholes , but hate anal . ThingsThatMakeYouGoHmmm HeadScratcherFunnyNotFunny sorrynotsorry RETWEET Hashtag
My boss , who does n't know I write about her in The Guardian , has me hiring a consultant to write us a PR piece
A man who was true nationalist and one who is not even worthy to live will be laid to rest on the same day !
Your happiness will drive them crazy ... and your success will kill them slowly ! It 's just life , like roaches we all have haters ...
Now Alanis Morisette 's `` Ironic '' is playing lol double
Wonder if RayTensing will commit suicide while in jail SamDubose
yeah and their they come like super heroes and save the day
Just got my wisdom teeth out and `` Ca n't Feel My Face '' comes on the radio . subtweetfromtheradio
After 3 weeks of no flying , I start my weekly routine again . In a few months I 'll be a platinum member ironic
lol .. ( as i code Meta for a Fortune 5 manufacturer website and do Rep mgmt for Presidential campaign ) ..
Wowza ! totem @ Stanford University
Did Yakub Memon make a mistake by trusting Indian investigating agencies ?
Most Ironic moment ever ... Tomorrow , the Executioner will wish YakubMemon `` Happy B'Day '' ! ! ! Hahahahahahahaha ... ! ! !
The Same Old PMLN Who Was Bashed By Kaaptaan And Now Hiding Under Their Umbrella
After suing the Fed govt 34 times , TX says it ca n't be sued because it 's govt . via
I work in a place that makes AC units , yet it 's still like 90 degrees on my line .
It 's a shitty situation . I 'm just down because I could be fired because I should have gotten him fired a long time ago .
Muslim cry out .. for marking all bad coz of few .. terroristBut ... defending a terrorist just because he is muslimirony YakubToHang Yakub
I just ghost wrote a comment from a comment on Drake 's diss . It…
Non - Vegetarian cum Pet lovers . YakubDebate
It 's funny , there a lot of smart people in this world are i.e actors , politicians , investors , musicians , etc ... but we barely notice ironic
In line absolutely shitting myself about this flight . Why did I have to be so adventurous
. Have already spoken to sales management about this before . Your company does n't listen . telecom ringyDingy
do n't tell me what to do IranTalksVienna
Police commisioner seems unable to answer my questions about proposed use of troops at CalaisHe did call ME Nazi & amp ; Racist thoughIronic
How Conservatives support American style socialism This includes Sarah Palin politics
T Party candidate 2016election copywriting proofreading RandPaul spelling typo
On Sunday Morning , Sunrise , The Tomb May Be Open , but The Temple Is Closed ~
The is more African blood goes down the drain than actual water only we can change our home for the better we need courage Africa
I did n't understand what Tanner said in Spanish ironic
... including the store .
is n't cuckservative name-calling ?
We should start factory farming lions for sport . Then douchebags can shoot them and no one will care . CecilTheLion hypocrisy
“ : PETA Wants Lion-Hunting Dentist Executed no animal harmed/ppl killing is ok tho
He opened his big mouth to stay silent
`` Just Say да '' RT How Conservatives support American style socialism This includes Sarah Palin
Let me tweet during a lecture about how technology makes us more rude and socially awkward jchplus
Ireland has instituted post codes & amp ; informed people by post.Mine went to the wrong address .
The odds of getting into a car accident in LA and by an ambulance 😅 ironic
It 's national chicken wing day today ... and I was in Buffalo yesterday . chickenwings nationalchickenwingday Buffalo
Ironic to complains about accuracy of opinion piece considering lies/untruths of LePage mepolitics
Now we 're complaining that the situation seems a little expedited . ShutTheFuckUpAboutDeflateGateCottDammit
What an awful news about Yaqoob Memon . The blind law continues to serve very well . And they say it 's not because of his religion .
I loved it when the long time newspaper editor retired and it was announced via Twitter . Ironic AlanisMorrisette DaveCoulier
Jemedari Going to jail to end school to prison pipeline ... USA Dyettglgt
Their schedule was the first thing I looked at when the suspension was announced .
gone into hiding so he 's not , hunted , tracked down and murdered IRONIC RIP CecilTheLion & lt ; 3
you HAVE to make a sound clip out of Damon saying people should think & amp ; calm down before ranting
Heights : U add ppl on LinkedIn hoping for a gud reference.They send a personal msg before that asking u for a favour ! ! Irony Lol
Tfw you 're goin awf to bitch better have my money on the train n then you realize you do n't have any money for the train ironic
Everyone trying to move to LA and I 'm trying to get out lol
Just had to sit through Shell video ad before I could view the news coverage of the Greenpeace protest of Shell . ironic shellno
did n't you say you were Capricorn ironic explainsit
funny when is built on ( ) .
Just got shout at for texting and cycling . By a car driver ! cycle text
We leppers , we sure are . MetaPost
After we started building our own masks for Summerween yesterday , we 're now about to colour them . And I simply love it
Excited to be part of the Sports USA team this NFL season . 1st national radio broadcast assignment : SD @ Cin week 2 . Details ironic
`` Dubai 's leading green magazine will be officially launching in print in September ! ''
sharon edu generally teachers are the most committed non learners
Get a life ? You 're using Nicki name , image & amp ; calling her `` da queen '' while cursing her ex bf . Dafuq ? Lmao
guthrie trending nationally on twitter .
Wore a football shirt out on a run and some guy with a can of lager and a cigarette yelled 'scum ' at me . Oh the irony . football
the of you saying terriblecommentary
Mark O'Meara , Zimmerman 's lawyer , is now the SamDubose family lawyer and talking about injustices against black people ?
That moment when you realise the soap on TV is the worst thing you 've ever seen .... but you 'd kill to get an audition for it .
Just sat down at the eye doctors office and `` Blinded by the Light '' is playing on the radio lololol how ironic
Yes ! I would n't want to b alone when the vegans pounce on me for being cruel & amp ; overheating the poor critter . farm365
WalterPalmer CecilTheLion JusticeForCecil Contributing towards conservation by paying to hunt ? !
Red Dog , who 's terrified of things like shadows and flowers , has no fear of the vacuum . I had to vacuum around him rescuedog
SamDubose Ironic that video was initially used to monitor criminal activity . Now they need video to monitor police criminal activity
Also funny how Bastardo 's name was brought up the last couple trade deadlines and now that we have him he 's crap .
walked in the dentist while sucking on a lollipop😂🍭
Interstellar : escape by rocket to save planet from effect of carbon emissions
A Ford Focus was n't paying attention and went through a red light long after cars started going in the other direction . Ironic Unfocused
I once sold rights there - World Rights in Estonian . It was obviously a very big deal .
Please help me and vote for my lion art on it seems ironic in light of the recent tragedy RIP CecilTheLion thanks
Was worried I could n't write anymore . Annoyance with critical peer reviews produced 3000 words tonight . Phew . amwriting
First name of the landowner who allegedly set up and participated in illegal hunt/kill of CecilTheLion : `` Honest '' . ironic
I look like such a scrub today 😂 I 'm dressed like everyone I hate.😂
Emergency & amp ; contingency planning colleague during meeting today said that earthquakes were the least of his worries . ironic coincidence
Have conversation with co-worker about how hot water for tea is n't hot enoughSpill not-hot-enough water on handAcquire burnironyprofit
This guy on the news says we should send immigrants home . ironic goodsoundingbritishname
searches Australian prisons with an actual Cell Block H
Brian85 1308 says the guy making shitty line ups in his free time HadToBeSaid
The people saving yakoob are roaming outside making mockery of the system . And those demanding the truth to prevail are locked inside
Sniffed out the suspect Flower Fairy- heard a sneeze in the rosebush . ironic printandplay
I downloaded an app to keep track of what I eat today . Good thing I ate McDonald 's LAST night 😂
I was listening to the song Good Day while walking and almost got ran over ... ironic
Anyway , back to writing that Dinosauria 3 book chapter , again ...
T Party candidate 2016election copywriting proofreading RandPaul spelling typo
My Fitbit does n't fit .
Life is so ironic . It takes sadness to know happiness , noise to appreciate silence , and absence to value presence .
In a story about official oppression and unlawful use of force , you choose George Zimmerman 's lawyer as your legal expert ?
Truth 's presently , it 's we Twitter people that are commending Gov . The many voters in Kaduna hail folks like .
Girls wo n't talk to me , cause they think I 'm talking to girls . . But I have Netflix , which is nice . foreveralone forevernetflix
when you 're never good enough for people who ai n't good for shit ......
New England got that Salem Witch treatment ! karma deflategate jaymohrsports
I saw a young woman in BYU sweatshirt , shoes , socks , and not too much more on the train . She must have been a hipster.ironic
MLS has a pechant for older legend players that are n't at their best anymore for EPL .
live by the sword , die by the sword.irony
Your fiancée is the friends to your ex with whom you had more than 4abortions for
Dr Kalam , today this nation performs your last rights and your dream of 'mercy ' will also be burnt to dust most likely .
Nobody likes a nobody said the nobody
Julia hates coffee but works at Starbucks ironic
Its funny that the PATS are complaining about something being unfair Ironic
The `` nationalization of healthcare '' has driven private insurance co. profits through the roof . They obviously had good lobbyists .
Oh , the OpDeathEaters
A college textbook on business ethics costs a whopping $ 229 to purchase .
Why are food and drugs legalized under one Association ( the US Food and Drug Association ) ? ironic onetogrowon
Good responses , everyone is 'extreme ' when Prevent discussed , no detail or nuances which is crucial 2 Prevent
Great podcast 9 . SD initiative ( like Carson ) would only need 66,000 signatures and avoid EIR . QualcommCapacity=70K
♪♫ It 's like 10 thousand dongs , when all you need is a vag ♪♫ Ironic
I only saw this because I was buried on my phone ignoring others .
So glad I 'm not working from work because otherwise I 'd have missed the big announcement .
Last youth group event for the summer , bonfire at house .... without will : ( missyabuddy
22 years long case but Terrorist did n't get chance for fair hearing ...
Just received security advice from someone whose webapp runs on http .
If someone does n't come and watch the Amy Winehouse movie with me this weekend ... Il commit . ironic 😕
Thanks for signing your resignation letter from the Post Office . Please put it in your outgoing post for me signedsealeddelivered
Comment policy : `` Be Nice . No racism , sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person . ''
Yeah , I hate it when people go OTT
Accept people who break the rules . ChangeTheWorldIn5Words ironic wordstoliveby
Our book on spells has disappeared .... books magic missyoumuch
McGinn probably for the same reason that Russian soldiers wear Gaultier sailor t-shirts
DYK : that if Chickens were n't a primary source of food for humans they would overpopulate & amp ; starve to death ?
X-ing MS rvr w'bound I-40 put on WestMemphis & amp ; immediately get tweet frm Lu coincident kismet !
Read half of Still Alice before I realized I 've already read it . yikes
, is n't it ironic that you spelled ' last name both correctly and incorrectly ?
Recent research shows that paying attention to everything recent research shows is a sure way to over think and miss out on life.irony
swap `` dentist '' for `` doctor , '' `` shoots '' for `` dismembers , '' `` human being '' for `` baby , '' and `` sport '' for `` money ''
Seems to imply that the womb is akin to a sanctuary . Why lure when you can kill within ?
Everyone takes Alanis to task over the lyrics to Ironic whilst nobody questions RobbieWilliams nonsense songs . There 's the TrueIrony
Why do n't we have an opposite to Wednesday , like Wednesnight ? random thoughts IJS lol
I think it 's ironic that most of the false accusations made about Reagan actually did . ConservativeLogic
Finishing 'The Girl on the Train ' on the train . ironic Acela lovethetrain DC TheGirlOnTheTrain
It 's SUCH a good idea for the Obama admin to hold or deport only the worst of the worst criminal aliens .
is u pay Clarance Peters N 3.5m to shoot ur music video , sound city 1m to play it for 1week , Vic O shoot with camcorder and it trends
Girl in `` do n't be basic . '' Tshirt : Yelling at a homeless guy for stealing the lit cigarette you left makes you the most ironic thing today
and I , ca n't even got upgrade my laptop via windows update , 10 times error !
Last thing I see as I get on the jet way . Very funny , Delta . I 'm not going back . grumpy jetlag
Someone gave me a food processor `` to make things easier on me . '' They brought it in dirty , with crumbs and all in it . Making pi the
Mets - in a shocking twist of deal fall through and you 're left with a player that is aware he is disposable WilmerFlores
So I was adopted by a gay couple , from my straight parents
its Lync that is to much to ask . I will say the IOS app is solid .
The Ayn Rand Institute is a non-profit organization .
it wo n't lets be clear 22 years , Supreme Court worked midnight still if we question d process then it would be just
After the installation preparing all day , I can finally start upgrading to Windows10 and it 's at 10 % 😂
'Go-getter ' is the laziest possible description for a person who works hard and takes initiative .
Is it an OXYMORON or that PlannedParenthood backs the BlackLivesMatter movement ?
Really ? ? ?
Monoxide A Philosophy Degree found a misuse of grammar . Ironic
Kraft & amp ; Patriots episode of on tonight is perfect for tonight ironic
Evolution changed man not be hunter 's or gatherers in thousand 's of years . A dentist changes peta into an animal in no time tytlive
They complain about editing in order to make videos shorter , but wo n't even take time to watch less than 12 minutes .
Life lesson for Michelle in this episode of FullHouse is that you have to move on from the past .
talking about the Orioles and inter-league homeruns , and then Schoop delivers a homerun ! Ironic Orioles
tweeting about faith and Integrity while ignoring the Golden Rule
-And people who were willing to face the scariest storms , left at the roar of a thunder ! !
. Ironic that your Twitter background is Ron Paul who served in GOVERNMENT for 22 years . Kind of neuters your false outrage .
A journalist in my news feed who consistently uses anecdotes to prove his points is complaining about anecdotes in journalism . Dumb
6 hours after I think about how I 'm so much better than other people for never breaking my phone and it slips into a NYC toilet ... ironic
Country music is growing on me ironic
3 words never to use in email I 'm sorry , I wo n't actually do this , but the point it taken : ) ironic humor
Why d n't the ppl who pleaded for mercy of Yakub Memon on humanitarian grounds bother abt poor nd be da voice for der development .
Unconfirmed MH370 wreckage debris found on Reunion Island.irony
The director of Law and Order : SVU got arrested for child porn ... Talk about
Ripped from the interwebsGrab me now Cock 500ml $ 2.80thirst coke graphicdesign ironic TryHarder
HAHAHAHAHA ! ! ! The Italian Mamas are n't happy with the ziti-lamb pairing ! Masterchef
Still my fave WG single $ throwback to the orginal ot5
Hearing of mercy petition at 2 am priviledges u being a terrorist , a common man fights for justice even in day time . ai n't it ? yakub
The Blue Jays are beating the Phillies by 6 runs .
Do you think whoever finds this dentist gets to put his head on their wall ? -a CecilTheLion ironic iwishitatehim
So called jounos doing d maximum politics here & amp ; on channels trying to show other face saying let 's not do politics this is d biggest
So the Blue Jays are up on the Phillies right now 2-0 FakeRapBeefComedy
`` Know yourself , know your worth '' he wrote on a sprite can ironic
Never understood why people who voluntarily follow someone on social media feel the need to hate on what that person posts ?
FuckedUp but funny in a ridden way
totally love that your smoothie shop got rid of styrofoam , simultaneously disappointed there 's nowhere to recycle ...
'Law & amp ; Order ’ Director Arrested on Child Pornography Charges
Tulo 's first MLB hit was a hard hit ball that Jose Reyes bobbled then could n't get the throw to 1B in time .
Tang & amp ; his trainer are talking about eating healthy on periscope and I 'm eating buttered popcorn while watching
I love arguing with racists on the internet because they get so angry that I , a mexican , can speak better English than they can
Ironic retribution justifiable vindication Climate change could devastate the Texas economy ➤ gopFAIL
those that are pissed about Cecil the Lion coverage over the BlackLivesMatter movement all vote for democrats that support abortion
The RT saynomore : Phillies down 6-0 and Lethal Weapon on AMC 😂😂😂😂
Writing a school report on `` Stress Management : Handling Stress in a Workplace Environment '' while I 'm at work , stressing the hell out .
Says Eh that 's why the EPs picked Green Arrow . cuz no one knows shit about him . so they can do what they want
Tonight 's adventure : getting lost in the city of Rescue .
People protesting an oil company by using there oil made kayaks to do so . ironic prollyobamavoters
Abbreviation is a long word . ironic funny interesting
hey… they wanted to worship him for being a suicide bomber fail
He said this at the same time it aired him choosing Clay for dinner BB17
Life will trick you into thinking you had a good day and then ... I believe a million songs have been written about that . ironic
it 's fine . Americans should be able to go and kill anything they want in any country . murica
It is notably difficult to say `` I am not skilled '' in Japanese .
lol does your ugly ass even know what country he 's from or you just being racist .
It 's funny how when you got plans everyone will hit you up to chill but when you do n't got plans everyone ca n't chill . Ironic
FOLLOWUP 3 : And this , because SQL Server 2016 requires Oracle JRE 7 Update 51 .
I just got GTA 5 for the ps4 today and there is an error not allowing me to play lifesucks
Sleepy and late for school because I spent the night writing an essay on importance of sleep.irony 😰
Reading these articles with the cops theme song playing in the background . ironic badboysbadboys
So Steve Guttenberg 's character was complaining he was in a cheesy bug movie
Only Muslims gets hanged for 'terrorism'Hindus can become PM for doing the same ModiKillerYakubMemon
Channeling the of Rene Magritte in Hipster Camp hipster ironic art
Weird thing is , it 's a DVD of .avi 's of `` Lie To Me '' . ( No , I ca n't make this stuff up ! 😂 ) Ironic
Our butler , is NEVER in the butler 's pantry ! ironic wishwehadabutler lazy
Eliz . Finally explained that she gets annoyed when I talk about the weeknd because she thinks his face resembles my ex . ironic
Jhonson will get to his 400th Test wicket on James Anderson 's birthday !
you know that heatpack I tore the house apart for ? I just found it . In the microwave .
see to me it was n't the 'infidel ' that did it but a bad case of lack of western medicine ironic
Any danger of getting some signal today ? ? Roll on august 23rd when my contracts up . Everything everywhere ... ironic
To all tab writers and musicians… FU Bsharp it 's called a C
The teenager playing loud music this morning ( with everyone fuming ) is the one that gives up his seat for a woman with a small child
I decided to watch the movie `` Devil '' then I found out about the Hamels trade . That 's at its finest . HorrorFilm Philly Ironic
`` I 've been sleeping on the one I 've been dreaming about `` Ironic
Not content with killing off Australia continues to beat it bloody . AusPol
the words `` I 'm a Police Officer '' makes having a gun pointed at you more acceptable and less frightening ? In the US ? Really ? not ironic
We do n't let people sell babies . PPSellsBabyParts
Amazing ! There 's more money for culture in Madrid than Barcelona , who 'd have guessed !
it 's like supporting a beast who conspired to massacre innocent people and killed them too . ironic to me
Sick as hell but ironic
Black people hate on and complain about how whites generalize them all as criminals ... Yet do the same thing ? smh racism vlt ironic
Almost passed out in hotyoga class w/ tonight . Next time I 'll ask them to turn on A/C ! namaste
Imagine a world where teachers are glorified like soccer players .
'The things youre passionate about are not random they are your calling ' -Fabienne Fredrickson .. um yes they are . ironic randomboutiques
FotoVogue well you forget that Yakub never returned to hide here in the 1st place . ironic
Anon to some in means prison to some freedom undocumented Hispanics r ignored by many in BlackLivesMatter HectorMorejon
Lion 's life & gt ; Human lives . Hypocrisy
Tyler provoked a upswell of abuse because he played the victim .
Turns out it was who burnt down distillery ... fireRain bacardi
Millions are lacking regular Health Check Up facilities in India . But , GOI will ensure if he is Healthy to Hanged ? YakubHanged
Actually the words from you both on this thread is really bad . He is human being . We all have flaws .
Laughing at this because now the boy I was talking about in this tweet is my boyfriend.😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂irony
Isnt this ironic .... ironic blacklivesmatter media A new disease outbreak ...
In life , if you dislike someone you will normally ignore the person & amp ; not keep talking about him/her . On Social media it 's other way
BOY ITS UGLY OUT 6 God ..... BOSSBIHWIFINNIGHAS 😂😂😂 TOUGH
So happy that is in the album ! ! Still one of my top favorite LeeJongHyun songs 😊 Will I hear it live one day ? ? 🙏🏻🙏🏻
flow-state required because seagull manager .
this is comming from a person who termed Hon'ble Judge as Crackpot
estafania is like one of those Christian girls who 's so close to God but hates & amp ; judges everyone lausurpadora
APJ buried : shops closed in ChennaiYakubHanged : shops to b closed in MumbaiIncredibleIndia respectvsfear
Why Twitter is going to die . Posted on Twitter . or stupidity
Have n't slept all night and I 'm watching the Matrix which is basically about sleeping ironic
Dropped my umbrella in a puddle
Is the energy boss really called Con ?
The perpetrators of those riots were given state funeral , is n't that & amp ; mockery of Justice
`` It 's not bloody racism its political correctness gone mad ! Whats next ? Banning team colours ? '' racism goodes afl dontbeadickhead
YakubMemon death made everyone celebrate & amp ; made happy , where as APJAbdulKalam s death made whole world cry out of love & amp ; respect
A bakery that is advertising slimming world Ironic
but it 's okay because they were all ironic
I think Hamels was busy in October . Something about his sister 's community theatre production of `` Les Miserables '' Astros
is that the actor who plays Dudley Dursley in Harry Potter is named Harry and plays a boy with magic in an episode of Merlin
Retweeted Rida Iftikhar ( ) : -And people who were willing to face the scariest storms , left at the roar of a thunder ! !
Single People Want Somebody And People In Relationships Want To Be Single Ironic
Errr I think he jokingly . ironic
the very gaze that is causing the problem in the first place is the one needed to validate the fact that it 's a problem .
Blunt ... getting straight to a really dull point .
I 'm not a fan of the word sure ... it has a leery uncertainty to it that seems so unsure or indecisive . ironic guilty
Video : CLASSIC IRONIC ALANISMORISETTE COVERSONG INDIEARTISTS OUTDELAWARE
Please help ! Please vote for my lion art on it 's ironic in light of the recent tragedy RIP CecilTheLion thanks
When a man ( Walter Palmer ) murders an animal ( Cecil - lion ) , we bay 4 his blood . When an animal ( Yakub ) murders men , we demand mercy .
random | On a more somber note - good luck with the soup . I 've nursed a food tech thru food poisoning . Nasty but survivable . ironic
Dale Steyn gets to his 400th Test wicket on James Anderson 's birthday ! BanvSA
Two extremes of same religion are getting buried today . One strived hard for humanity and other fought for finishing Humanity .
SC hanged him now for what he did to us 23 years ago ! YakubHanged Seriously ? He earned two MastersDegree in prison GoToHellYaqub
Law & amp ; Order director charged with abuse for sharing lewd clip of child via ironic
Why do mumbaikars still watch sanjay dutt movies but want YakubHanged Both are guilty in the same case
When you post long texts as pictures on Twitter , are n't you somehow missing the whole point of this media ?
Just let it breathe ... I wo n't let you down down down . ironic tritonia
Freckleton vicar still suspect in murder probe of baby boy Christian ReligiousFreedom
some can not escape the mindset of the students they teach
The sad world we live in . APJAbdulKalam YakubMemon
Life has a funny way of helping you out when You think everything 's gone wrong ironic
LNP demanding an apology ? Are we sure that 's not performance art ? via auspol
while our professor was giving us a lecture about `` smoking cessation Advice '' , he took a smoking break .
9/10 hunters do n't recommend going to the dentist .
Some cry over a death kalam ... for some was justice YakubHanged of life !
JohnnyMac is too funny , loving the position BBClay is in , as he should !
Two Muslims laid to rest on the same day . For one nation feeling bad , for the other ppl challenging the long overdue justice served .
i do n't see u do anything to stop the fakecases . But you do use these cases to build up ur database for crime against women .
a video auto-playing on my feed right below this .
BOi ke chamche crying about Producers nos
An SNP troll calling someone a fascist and a bigot !
Coming from Bridgegate boy ! ThatsRich Hypocrisy
It 's time to move out of town . His rhetoric and whining is getting old . Trade him for a starting pitcher !
Home affairs for Carmichael - Lib Dems voice on justice undergoing formal investigation into his conduct . Great choice
Just saw some caravans caravanning .
New wellness program launched at work Tuesday .
we 're getting all rock-a-hula luau at DPW today . meanwhile , it 's raining outside .
When a cranky xenophobe with a nudie woman avatar tries to lecture you on misogyny ironic dontchathink ?
All I know is this is a CUTE PUPPY ! jakeface ironic
She is talking about PTI ? Won a few seats & amp ; trying 2 throw out those elected 2 NA by ppl frm 3 provinces !
Ironic Approx 100 years ago we had politicians/parties in Parliament that were basically the wealthy/businessmen mostly with right wing & gt ; & gt ;
Lion-killing dentist Walter Palmer closes his dental practice . Other dentists are now poaching his patients . cecilthelion
Carmichael expected to comment on justice issues , while investigation is ongoing . via
stop , you 're killing me !
Looool ...... 😂😂😂 Gunners for EPL title 🏃🏿🏃🏿🏃🏿
All these cops in our neighborhoods , but we do n't feel any safer . Ironic
BBC startedFollowed by Indian MediaUS Denied , Pak officials deniedAfghan Intel Confirmed While Afg President was fully unawareIrony
rebel funny @ St Thomas ' Hospital
When you get curious about a company a LinkedIn connection works for and their homepage has a picture of your ex 😂😂😂😂😂 neverapplying
Why Joe ? Why did you even attempt to play that ball ? Any idea what it 's like to be in Oz when England are losing ?
PM begging Asian millionaires to come to UK to create Northern P/house while telling penniless Arabs at Calais to get lost
I tried to use the Feedback app on Windows 10 to tell MS that they 're too strict about UAC . But it wo n't run with UAC turned off .
in a nut shell ... the true problem with our industry ... getting an email from Shimano about a price increase ? online
Appreciate the Had n't observed that . Thank you .
Rather amusing if the Amazon 'Top Gear ' is syndicated to the BBC like Ripper Street ... irony
Loop Street : the least pleasant CBD street to walk down .
Listening to Rancid and doing the ironing , does n't get more punk than that hah 🙈😛
Twitter is place where you can shit and fav it at the same time ... Twitter
Premier Gallant 's commentary in today 's says he 's proud of his accomplishment on nation energy file . nbpoli ironic cdnpoli
steps outside a really great restaurant is a homeless group . As I get my morning granola a…
THEY ACTUALLY FOUND A DEAD HORSE ON THE 3RD DAY OF NO ARTEFACTS !
Maybe the central platform of the is now ? ? ? Forget good journalism & amp ; concentrate on instead ?
Just ate a 'Flava ' wrap at the airport . BlandAsFuck OnlyAtTheAirport
yikes . Kiruna : city being knocked down , relocated 2miles away wonder if new build will use steel ... mining
Happy birthday Christopher Nolan inceptionrulez fckyou youlldieasterrypratchettdid mementowaskindagood inceptionstillsucks
Moody 's catches Modi 's Jumla ?
juxtaprogressive creating & amp ; implementing commoncore , but not allowing in your own child school . Talking to you Bill Gates !
Well my ex bf was funding humantrafficking & amp ; his mom works for the city of Houston , whose trying to combat it .
Media blackout for `` that social media co who we ca n't mention '' staff party Ha !
Some absolutely ratchet girl is wearing a hoody that says 'ratchet ' ... ironic
your emails contradict your actions . Very poor communication for a comms service .
Misogony is in the ear of the woman itsjustbants
Southern baptist sets out to prove god is real , ends up proving Darwin 's theory of evolution is realerer .
Would n't it be ironic if Donald Trump 's Toupee has a tag that says `` Made in Mexico '' 😜😜
You call me drama , yet you instigate it funnyhowthatworks ironic
Weeks ago I mentioned SnS in MH4U is too legit for its own good ... Now its too gimmicky in MHX
I prayed for something ... I actually got what I prayed for but it came at a huge cost to me
is we do n't see so many Secular caps in KalamSir 's funeral but in Yakub 's TerrorismHasNoReligion
😂 😂 😂 😂 LostforWords Los Angeles union wants to be exempt from $ 15 minimum wage it fought for -
My Superman cup broke , my morning is off to an ironic start . comicbooks
Have you ever thought about how horrible it would be to have telepathy ? Always knowing everyone 's thoughts ALL the time ? socialmedia
Hope my boss is happy , he helped them . This bridge shit is now causing problems with our business . Cant get my driver over bridge .
Midterms is & lt ; 3Irony
Yes . It requires the wilful suspension of disbelief ! No ? ironic
Never mind . You can never change people 's ideologies with facts . Ironic
said in a bitter fashion
The sponsored by ! ? funny comedy
VS2015 Enterprise and Resharper not playing nicely with each other . Crash DecreasedProductivity Ironic
Lolz The Richest Rappers Listed at number 50 YKWII BWS TheDocumentary2
Mrs May said the government would act against `` all those who seek to divide our country and sow discord ''
A recovery agent for hdfcbank showed me how they use tools like truecaller to search & amp ; track defaulters . disruption ironic duped apps
Oh the tourism marketing
British pm hopping around asean pitching for investment in britian from its former colonies
New research indicates that Washington , D.C. is rapidly sinking into sea climatechange
Ironic Everyone attacking HulkHogan is attacking their own right to privacy . yagottalarf
get a new job at that 's wonderful
Just saw Nigel Farage saying `` there will be no negativity from us '' stood behind a sign saying `` SAY NO '' .Irony
If i make it to the end of August I 'll be surprised ! heartattack ironic revision stressed
Last thing I did before leaving home ; took my umbrella out of my tote bag . Of course I 'm stuck in a downpour now .
After ng Falling in , sumunod Where do broken hearts go ? ironic
Ironic is it not ?
The director of Law and Order was arrested on child pornography charges . ironic
Last nights REV message hit me hard when I was on Illustrator being frustrated by the anchor points late last night . ironic
`` My grace is sufficient for you , for my power is made perfect in weakness . '' [ 2 Corinthians 12:9 ]
all I kept thinking was , ai n't no way I 'm helpin some fool push a couch in a van .
Nicely said ... on Twitter.ironyRegards
& amp ; I ca n't sit here online all day going back & amp ; forth , because I do n't have a reliable internet connection .
the more you do for yaself the more people will wannahelp ... Ironic
is a douche…
is the universe 's EasterEggs :
New interdisciplinary report full of numbers and metrics . Amusing , given the metrictide report
the museum dedicated to the 1953 flood disaster in the Netherlands ..... has been flooded this week !
EXCLUSIVE : Burnaby rejects NEB 's request for police at pipeline hearing A PublicHearing & amp ; no public
Next series vs the Royals.Irony
FTII student requested to meet Rahul Gandhi . And then they insist on better leadership.irony
Those born on that day still considered too young to hold position of powerIrony
Probably not making it to the Spoonie meet up at because I 'm protecting my spoons .
Cell phones flocked to snap for social media superheroism photography fashion art model socialmedia
Nylon rope and high impact plastic harness brought to you by Petroleum ... ironic
Interesting developments in acute medicine discussed . Had to leave Pinchin mid wayward discussion to do some medicking
Surreys police commissioner 's solution to those pesky migrants is to use those migrant soldiers the Gurkha 's to control the border ironic
We 're all on our phones.At the ophthalmologist .
Anyone else having immense issues with iOS Apple Music update for iphone ? Since updating , my playback crashes more than ever !
Watching the BBC Ibiza prom , been warned that it `` contains flashing images and strobe effects ''
Anyone else see the here ?
Tried to tweet earlier to say how excited we are to be getting rid of Broadband but could n't because our Wi-Fi was down .
Appreciated ! Thanks to new followers , $ TWTR sends text to Congratulate .
I think it would be funny if wore OfficIal sunglasses ! ! !
A celebrity is some1 who works hard all his life 2 become known & amp ; then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized TeamFollowBack
City of Burnaby Lawyer questioning policies for Kinder Morgan hearing via 1130 A PublicHearing & amp ; NoPublic
Draw back to twitter .. Not enough character space to sound literate .
But then again they would probably put down the lion because defending itself would cause it to be a `` threat to society ''
I am so sorry ! irony
of life watercolour drawing illsutration art homedecor
Cleaning the house for the housekeeper
lol dude check this out . You get Price to hopefully win the division , yet , he 's been awful in your division this year .
A5 : because I love // VEGASchat OwnIt
I 'm so indoors daddy says I 'm anti-social but that 's how he made my childhood
I guess I see why oomf was in my dream bcus I woke to a text from them lol ironic 🙆🏽
Standing outside the Bank of England and 'bank robber ' by the clash comes on via shuffle . Oh the irony . fuckthesystem
Ironic at its finest
So wait ? We 're SURPRISED a dude named 'meek ' lost a verbal n rap battle ? SimWorldDwellers
Jason Alexander 'Law & amp ; Order ' Director Jason Alexander Charged With Child Pornography : Police | NBC Chicago
Maybe someone should start a fans group to oust the leaders of the BU , to find a wealthy leader so they can achieve their ambitions
n InfieLoop like my college project GottaBreakOut or cook fail Ironic address from SteveJobs edge with sun
`` Separate walking and biking [ messaging ] for max impact . Lumping together hurts both modes . '' bikeped15
To protect power companies & amp ; make sure they 're too big for anyone to compete ! in the `` Sunshine '' state .
EXCLUSIVE : Burnaby rejects NEB 's request for police at pipeline hearing APublicHearing & amp ; NoPublic
MFW my own damn computer has problems and I 'm an IT person ...
legitimized AGT insightful , constructive , polite . Petty , talentless judging acts with actual talent AGT10
Funny that a fan of Notre Dame , a Catholic school , would use 'God damn ' when referencing said school .
In the CrisisComms training today by , expert 's client had a crisis , so he was not able to perform the training .
truth be told I hate listening to lectures . I 'd rather be meeting people in the hallways .
you know it 's going well when horns bitch about another school getting too much respect .
says their programs `` save lives ''
Yes but you said ironic which is not the case . We all want an alternative to oil and plastic .
Please Lord tell me this dude was trolling when he spelled it IRON KNEE ..... ironic huh ?
1 Christian defined religion freedom = Keeping slaves and forcing them towards a specific bleief system aka Christianity .
On one hand they honour a Missile Maker & amp ; on the other They hang the MIssile User Wt an
Had an argument about why I divorced my ex and then the same day I get my divorce papers in the mail
Alanis Morisette , call your office . ironic
There will be NO running in Iran today . Ironic Dewpoint 90 w/heat index 154 deg . No more complaints from here in KS .
Trio Luanel-Ibra-Rock is coming . Brace Yourself . ironic
Is this the worst/best retort ever UKIP
AG who preside on Altantuya case said it 's not frm AG 's office.Ironic
Advice ... it 's a curious thing . The best ones you wo n't understand until its already to late .
West Ham got into the EuropaLeague due to UEFA fair play . They ’ ve played 4 games and had their manager and 3 players sent off…
And here 's the other , lulz . ironic
This managed to jam a moving walkway at Midway . Check out what the ball reads .
Statue , crying a tear of birdshit at BuckinghamPalace not sure if this is or juxtaposition or neither !
West Ham qualify for Europe through the fair play league and have so far had a player sent off in 3 of their 5 games
West Ham were invited to play in the Europa league as they topped the fair play league . They have now had 3 red cards in 3 matches
West Ham in Europe through fair play with Big Sam they bring in a new manager to play with flair and get 3 sent off Irons ironic football
Oop there it is👀☕🐸 BlackLivesMatter JusticeForSandraBland SamDubose CecilTheLion truth
how can a man who has been so many times in the head write the most well-thought out piece on the subject ?
Everything 's ironic . Hold meI wannafeel your truth every timeIrony . Hold me CNBLUE
That moment when you 're listening to 'Take Me To Church ' by Hozier and a Pastor walks by your office ... music
`` Non profit '' does n't mean they do n't make money the NFL is a non profit
People can barely cheer themselves up and you 're waiting for someone to make you happy ?
Hilarious how West Ham got into Europa through the fair play league and have had three red cards in five games 😂😂 ironic hilarious
Baku : US pretending to be `` global custodian '' of human rights evokes - News.Az
This is the perfect summer treat ! bikini bikini diet ironic diet love fruit chia
As a communication 's company , you may want to work on your communications ironic
West Ham enter the Europa League via fair play . Then have 3 red cards in 3 games ironic
I married a liberal who is prochoice . Thank God for him I am prolife . Or his only child wouldnt be here ... unplannedparenthood
West Ham win fair play to enter the Europa League . Third red card this evening .
they make 0 money , pro life and you arent for medical research that could save lives , the
Today , someone used a computer , made in china , to complain that we ’ re selling a mug to support our work , made in china .
West Ham have qualified for the through the FAIR PLAY table and received 3 RED CARDS in the first 3 ROUNDS
hammer got in through the fair play now 3 players sent off in 3 games
“ : U.S. authorities are looking for the man who shot Cecil the lion » hunted
same executive committee that endorsed w/o input from all members ? Got Democracy ?
Sampdoria getting beaten by a bunch of part-timers and probably winning money while I am losing money betting onthem . Dodgy Ironic Cunts
I 'm trying to use less swear words but man it 's fuck ! ng hard for fu€ks sake . 😁
because there was no EU then telling us what we can and carnt do ! These ppl faught/died 4 British freedom ! ironic
But .. it 's coke .. what about the friendship and love and happiness ? ironic
she wails at her house being torn down and we console her with rations here animal have some food
Greenpeace protesting against oil drilling in the Arctic in kayaks made of ... oil notsustainable
West Ham get in the Europa League for fair play , then get 3 reds in 5 European fixtures
Just found out today is FriendshipDay ... ironic more like 😂😂🙊
West Ham down to 10 men again . In Europe via the fair play league ... Ironic
you do n't like parasites your a Tory 😂😂😂😂
Intolerance-preaching street preacher just referenced Charter of Rights when asked if he had a permit . yeg
Fun fact from tonight - official made it to Europa L on fair play . Had a player sent off in every game so far !
Amazon sign up former BBC top gear team for new show ... so still paid for by taxpayers then ! ironic
So West Ham qualified for the Europa League through FairPlay but have had 3 red cards in 5 games so far this season 😂 Ironic BilicEffect
Ironic how the lady wearing a blessed t-shirt , does n't have a credit card with money on it ironic
I hate when people watch me at the gym yet I ca n't stop people watching Ironic
West Ham -through to the Europa league by fair play , find themselves with 3 red cards in the first 3 rounds of the tournament . irons
Bears fans using a gay slur fudge packers to describe Packers fans ... Not knowing what the term `` bear '' means in the gay community .
The of having these two tweets juxtaposed on your feed ... funny
Things that happened to me today on socialmedia ( 1 ) I was lectured on how to use Twitter by someone with less followers than me
3 reds so far for WHU in the Europa league . Qualified through the fair play system .
The of West Ham getting into the Europe on fair play and then having 3 players red carded in 3 games is ridiculous
Got ta love that the blog is hosted on the .eu domain .
West Ham got in to the Europa League through `` Fair Play '' . They 've now had 3 red cards in 5 games
Bummer . Some parents are so bad about that type of thing . I had to beg my sis to take pictures of her kids .
A slut calling someone else a slut
LOVE the failure types ! There 's in there somewhere , exploring failure types leading to design success DOES15
whufc qualified for europa league through fairplay . They have had 3 players sent off in the europa league so far .
On my lunchtime trike ride today I saw a homeless encampment . One tarp being used as a tent had the Zillow logo on it . ironic
'Pup ' playing like a dog that needs putting down Ashes
And you share a political satirical caricature to make your point ! : )
Why is it that the girls who do the fakest shit are always the ones posting about a fake bitch😂😂
I always find it funny when the barber has no hair !
I actually choked on my own drink watching this 😭😂 ironic
official enter the through the fair play award and then receive 3 reds in 3 games ironic
Get into Europe under the fair play rules in each round now we have had a player sent off ! ironic
So WHU qualified for Europe League on fair play and now have 3 red cards in 5 games ! ironic
So WHU qualify for Europe via Fair Play standings ! 3 sent off in their 5 games so far 😳 .
Funny how you do n't even realize the of using `` logical conclusion '' in a straw man . Do children run this acct ?
Get into Europa League via fair play and get 3 men sent off so far . COYI
It 's cute when liberal rage starts to look like conservative everyday .
77 companies that directly fund planned parenthood . Notice Johnson & amp ; Johnson . ironic
`` NotaSmidgeonOfCorruption '' MT AmyOtto8 skewers selfawareness & amp ; fail as Hillary2016 peddles '' theSkimm '' …
Did n't West Ham get in the Europa League via Fair Play ? ? ? ... ironic
Remind me again of how West Ham got into this competition !
ear n't through fair play , 3 players sent off in 5 games 😂
West Ham got in through fair play yet have got a Red Card against every team so far .
Did official not qualify for Europa Cup thru Fifa fair play ? Now they have 3 red cards in 4 Europa League games BadboyBilic
On my break and watching our series of 999whatsyouremergency ironic
the truth can make someone a worse person forawhile ironic honestybox
My child 's father was so insecure . He hated the fact id be on xbox live w/my ex playin call of duty . But he was the one cheating . ironic 😂
Love how WestHam enter the EuropaLeague under FIFA fair play rules & amp ; then have someone sent off in the final round of qualifying
pls send link to your open track sched . Every time I come here it 's closed . Booted at 7:30pm ? wtf
2 k00l 4 sk00l
The Jewish guy who hated & amp ; stabbed people at gay parade will go back to prison & amp ; fully get to embrace his `` gay side '' at it 's best !
You have to admit how ironic it is that the one ship that can prevent a catastrophe in Arctic drilling accident is what they are blocking .
: pretty amazing that you are at espn & amp ; & amp ; are n't . Is the right word ?
tweet ? 😃 inception
Is n't it ironic that Ironic is n't about at all ? We did n't have twitter in the 90s so I 'm asking you now .
whufc qualify for Europa league via the fair play league ... And then get a player sent off in 3 straight ties.irony juice , anyone ?
Truth ! ! DWS Certainly Was n't Expecting REALLY REAL QUESTIONS ! ! HAHA ! Difference between Dems & amp ; Socialist ! Ironytcotccot
Enjoyable dining here last evening Unfortunately I couldn ’ t stay up with the kids for gig Ladi6 schoolnight
it 's time to block you now as you are obviously blind to Russian injustices and have issues but continue to live here ironic
Protesters blocking Fennica which carries a capping stack ( device that plugs an oil well blowout ) ? Now I 'm really confused . ShellNo ironic
Starbucks Runs Out Of Coffee Cups ? Ironic
West Ham , in the Europa League qualifiers through fair play , have had 3 red cards plus Bilic sent to the stands in 5 games 😂 Europa
lol I just realized , it 's FriendshipDay and i 'm watching Unfriended lol
I doubt Twitter will let AnotherBoy get to 1 . Seriously , who is tweeting about Friendship Day ?
Guess who 's moving back to Fruitvale ! ... 23rdAve murderdubs eastoakland
DVD stands for `` digital versatile disc '' . Ironic because it 's so versatile my Macbook Air ca n't even read one .
Riding off into the sunset is actually quite unpleasant because you have a big ass fiery ball staring back at you over the horizon .
`` Frozen '' is playingOn an outdoor movie screenIn the Texas heatironic haiku
official News Got in to Europe via Fair Play & amp ; we have 3 players and manager all sent off in first 3 games ! ironic
Just realized that the shirt I 'm wearing today happens to have a lion pic on it . ironic timing
Hopefully they 're not tying up manpower searching 4 pesky terrorists !
its probably cousins with the spider I found crawling around my room today ironic
power Inuit eyewitness accounts at the time were recorded but dismissed by Brits as savage
Sarah Palin sounding off about Planned Parenthood
some1 in WY police has a sense of humour-they were kettled in the roughest gay pub in town
Woods Now Finds Himself In Need Of Obama 's Big Government .
Yeah , go do some work lazybones
Apologies ... 3 red cards & amp ; the manager sent to the stands in 5 matches WestHam FifaFairPlay EuropaLeage
Protestic the oil industry in plastic kayaks ?
I 'd give my life to live the life that Paul Simon lived .
Naked homophobe spanking another man with branches in sauna . gayandunderattack
Just getting ready to watch BookOfMormonTheMusical in Salt Lake city . SaltaLakaCity
the greatest artists .... are the most self-conscious ironic myskinismysin
I need followers everybody following me do n't be on Twitter ironic
All of the protesters in Portland are leaving the St Johns bridge to hop in their petroleum fueled cars . shellyes
Wait ... Browser that reset evry1s search engine to Yahoo and forced Pocket integration is calling out Microsoft for choice ?
News Alert : Portland greenpeace activists are blocking a Shell Oil vessel by blocking it 's path with oil based plastic Kayaks
Shared by someone that has two kids out of wedlock ....... ironic
The man in blue `` I feel I live in a free country '' yet he 's trying to stop LGBT doing what they want ? ? gay & amp ; underattack reggieyates
`` The money from the hunts is supposed to go ... to the government for conservation efforts . '' WalterPalmer vomitous jackhole
Also love how David Foster Wallace did n't care that Alanis Morissette did n't know what ironic means , he loved her anyway . theendofthetour
Troublehsooter : Troubleshooting history is taking up too much space
ISIS primarily recruits new members through social media ironic
I wonder if dudes will now act `` woke '' to get women to `` sleep '' with them ? WokeGuysMakeMeWet
Stumbled upon this today . Nashville nashvillefilter outcry2015
So website has been hacked by people the fans are backing to run the club because the current owners are corrupt loi
West Ham have 3 players sent off , yet qualified through the fair play league !
There 's a panel I 'm drawing where a character writes a differential equation . I studied them for 8 years , ca n't remember shit now .
haha & amp ; look where it got you ! What would have been funny is if you would have become a P.E . teacher !
Seen over patriotstrainingcamp earlier . Winning
There 's no talking to you . Good luck on your mission to save the Sea Turtles . ironic
Carmel McCallum talking gender equity in pharmacy ... psa15syd
We 're big fans of and twisted humor here at Château Knebl .... ツ ChateauKnebl humor MonumentCO
I will NEVER eat a bowl of chocolate ice-cream , However i will fuck up a bowl of Rocky Road ice-cream ANYTIME , Ironic
Andrew Bolt wishes Adam Goodes was n't so provocative . ironic
tbt to exactly 1 year ago when I went cliffdiving at a churchretreat at lakemojavebucketlist check ! ironic haha 47ft tobeexact XD
. One man alive does n't know whether should be buyers or sellers at trade deadline and he 's our GM .
NowSmoking AJ Fernandez New World , watching Coming to America . Ironic CigarBlogs CigaHr
how we breakup on friendship day ?
We do n't do jokes about graphic designers . We draw the line at that . ironic artjoke !
Her daddy is prochoice . Thank God I am prolife or he wouldnt be a daddy . unplannedparenthood
We finally get some offense and our pitching fails . STLCards STLvsCOL
And yet the biggest scumbag went and favorited all my tweets ironic 😂😂
Time check : 12noon and I just woke up trying to figure out why did I sleep at 4am . `` & gt ; , & gt ;
ironic class I am still on wait list 3 I havent moved I really want . But the other 1 on wait list for I 've moved up 3 spots wth Im 4 ? ?
. interesting comment from a neanderthal .
MayaKodnani succeeded in killing 97 , including 36 Women & amp ; 35 Children but was made Women & amp ; Child development minister by Modi Ironic2/n
[ 15 years old ] : I can understand ( 18+ ) jokes.Irony
What was the criteria that promoted West Ham to this seasons Europa League ? Irony
this nigga career over . Same way 50 ended Ja Rule
On GuruPurnima day , 4 Teachers kidnapped in Libya ..
Did n't Meek get called out for allegedly stealing the idea for his song I Got the Juice off his new album ? ironic
We are so poor that we spent 500 cr on two movies . poorindiapoorpeople
Four Indian teachers kidnapped in Libya . We are celebrating GuruPurnima today .
Oh , the irony : Indiana Lawmakers Call For Study On Teacher Shortage education shortage
- that comment drips with the same fundamentalism that you despise so much and speak out against tho .
Your optimism is astounding . Bravo.irony
shyt was weak b & amp ; I grew up n Yeadon . Movie cutscenes filled 6 barz ironic 😔 shamed WannaKnow DrakeVsMeek
It 's times like these that make me wannasing O Canada . Or the Undertaker song for Meek .
I 'm watching Friends by myself . ironic
or a comedian who is n't funny -- especially the one 's who use sex as a compensation for their lack of humor .
West Ham : 3 red cards in first 3 rounds of qualifying , after getting into Europe by winning the fair play league .
Well done ! A Kickstarter project 14 years late to figure out how to make money from 'free '
To 86 is to kill . Ru486 , the abortion drug just approved in Canada . ARE YOU FOR 86 ? Hmmm . abortion medicine moral contraception
our national carrier yet making losses
Van just overtook me on A31 , came back in so close I had to brake . Painted on the side of the van ? SPACE
So the killer of Cecil has gone into hiding and wo n't respond to authorities . Hmmm ... hunterbeinghunted ironic
Keller Did n't he turn around and diss Drake tho ?
When chicks w/ nails , fake eyes , fake boobs talk shit about other girls ' appearance . umwhat
Lol you 're header though . 😂
Greenpeace starts protest against Arctic oil drilling , causes major traffic delays , forcing people to buy more gas . mytwocents ironic
Yes , and he JUST had gotten out of jail too !
Great post on late hw policies , feedback , and `` accountability . '' shakoedu edchat
RT : Alfred Nobel , creator of the Nobel Peace Prize , invented dynamite and other deadly weapons .
Hamilton walks off , Angels walked off on .
Yeah nothing worse than derogatory comments
I love Wahlburgers but find it ironic the episode from last night was all about the Patriots . strategic or ironic deflategate
Meek shoulda let somebody else write his diss
I think Stringfellow 's zeal to demonstrate Christian freedom from death accidentally evokes , legitimizes and empowers it . Awkward
Funny how the people u do n't want to pay attention to you do , and the people you want to pay attention to you do n't . . . IRONIC
Once in a blue moon would I actually win tickets to see & amp ; please makemylife bluemoon
I love how humans are the ones locked in a cage ... ironic
Do you remember that magazine ? Or me asking you about that match before you went to the ring ? NeedShingo
CS Would never work on Xbox for the simple fact that the interface is so horrendous
People who know me on Twitter , can handle me on Facebook.But never vice versa.Irony
Meek sampling the Undertaker entrance for the last song I 'll probably ever hear from him .
Did you guys notice that a sequel to Angry Birds got released yesterday ? : ) ironic
Ugh why must onebadchoice be filled in Durham NC and at Duke this week really lol : /
West Ham get into the Europa League through the Fair Play rules & amp ; then have a player sent off in every round so far ironic
It 's meeting the man of my dreamsAnd then meeting his beautiful wifeAnd is n't it ironic . Do n't you think - ironic
`` Pray the fakes get exposed '' I guess drake got his wish 😂😂😂
West Ham in Europa league because of fair play , then have 3 men sent off in 3 games ! WestHam
IMA Try my Damndest DatingShit Pnut 90sRnB JunkieMusic Aaliyah OneInAMillion SkyeHighwind
Wow , reading you two reminds me of internecine warfare in the Labour Party.ironypossiblypostmodernpopcorn
She fell for your personality & amp ; left you for the same thing ... ironic
Hark at who mutes `` tedious fools '' whilst spamming the exact same tweet to 110 different people .
So this is the meaning of my dream ... I go with the flow .
Squat rack fail . HappyBirthdayArnold ironic GoldsGym
Adam Duvall 's first big league hit was a homer off Mike Leake . Trade
Taylor Swift - Bad Blood ft. Kendrick Lamar relevance lololol 😂
Williams I take it he 's a Dem whose party stands AGAINST nuclear power here at home ; yet supports it across the world
Teachers Abducted in Libya on the day of Guru Purnima . ehhh ..
mourns poor ( ANC-run ) train service & amp ; demands ( DA-run ) MyCity bus take up the slack , but undermines MyCity expansion .
Rahul addressing FTII students : `` The problem is putting mediocre people on top of an institution '' Really ! FTII RahulGandhi
So many plans for the future weekends months , even years .. But no f'in clue what 's for dinner tonight ... storyofmylife
technically yes ... I work for the govt ... so yeah ... but feel good knowing I got an Oilers product on sale at Winners
the is all of this is needs a GhostWriter wannaknow RIP askNicki
inc event Identity management + Privacy sends me email - Dear % % FIRSTNAME % % : ) Protecting my identity internally also ? : )
Haha did you see what you done then . Ironic own club haha banter
Hilarity ensues as the protesters show up in their PLASTIC kayaks ...... liberalLogic ShellNo
is when you1 . Grow a fan base2 . Marry an evil star nicknamed `` the snake '' 3 . Enjoy evil excess4 . Get dumped for acting like an ogre
Ironic how people can only understand fear and yet they fear what they dont understand . ironic
sheldon Duvall homered off Leake in his first MLB game last year ! ironic
I love when girls bash you for what you wear and then post an avi wearing a sports bra 😄 ironic
Hoes use COOL GUYS as BFs n COOL GUYS use Hoes as GFs .. What an FACT
. And yet science provides no evidence for the existence of any god , but increasingly suggests the opposite .
Be careful what you joke about , lest it become what others wish for . politics
Ode to Social Media via very true and funny since I can relate .. socialmedia
On the bus to go to the White House . Hubby says , `` Be safe ! '' paemst
ironic image of the day - original Shoreditch grafitti replaced by corporate fake
Bajrangi Bhaijaan could n't beat the collection of PK and Akki fans are enjoying .
Just saw the news of people hurtling the Train betwn Mathura to Vrindavan . And our beloved Prime minister is dreaming of Metro Rail .
`` Be proud of who you are . '' yogitea walterpalmer
Single Bellyache Cure ....
suspected mh370 remains found near an island named reunion ... ironic
Tired from doing nothing today ! Ironic
That moment when Erdoğan asks to investigate opposition leader for using propaganda . ironic eyebrowsonpeak really
Just saw a guy reading Outdoor magazine .... while indoors at a coffee shop on this lovely day . Hope the was lost on him .
Prius with a racing stripe driving slowly in the fast lane . tease
do n't cry , craft ! ironic
Martin saw this new salvo of making men weaker , oh the double standards are many in number . Ironic
Girl : i hate ffMoments later retweeting ff in which she was tagged .
Indian media thrive off divisive tactics , much like the political parties which they slam for their divisive politics.Irony
Byrne Harper going to polls early to spend the money Duffy and Wallin help raise .
Told by a driver who 's just overtaken you that it 's 20mph around here ! surbiton checkshighwaycode
Definition of WestHam qualify for Europe through the fair play rule . Their 1st 3 games of it , a player sent off in each game
And loses it all in dodgy investments ... MoneySuperMarket
In India freedom of speech and media are abused more than used justly . YakubHanged media
We fight to hold on and we fight to let go ironic
Its like knowingly going to Hell and praying that it 's not going to be hot there . IRONic
Designing an invoice for a new client , which actually looks better than my own brand collateral paperwork graphicdesign
makin pancakes and listening to the lifeisstrange soundtrack ironic
. its usual depressing self .
`` : Hexakosioihexekontahexaphobia is the fear of the number 666 . '' and now i fear the spelling of the phobia ironic
How will we kill the password ? Your face . That 's actually the answer . ironic
A minutest moment and a smallest gesture is enough to show your worth in someone 's life . Sad but true.irony reality lifeless
Imagine if Biden entered the race . That would make three rich , old , white people running for the Dem nomination . Think about it .
Yes , your uniquely politically biased news/shows , where we would we be without those ?
seems he did not punch the shark hard enough in the back . Who the hell named a swimming pool after him ? asknotHadds
We call them run runners , but they actually ran whiskey ! funnyhistory
bbcnews newsnight labour promote massimmigration of terrorists rapists torturers & amp ; slaves , then complain abt criminality created ironic
Abbreviation is a long ass word for something that means shortcut ironic
Excavator kills three Peshawar protestors , anti-encroachment campaign . TweetNotOpenForDiscussion
this morning I tried to shoo a blackfly and it landed in my black coffee . Is that still considered ironic ?
meek used other people words as references in his diss track lol do yall not see the
many thanks . So frustrating - it 's making ( evidently much needed ) advice less accessible
I 've been corresponding with the British Thomas Dunn III , comic book reviews to pay attention to BIG BANG THEORY
Unless you tag it ... usually does the trick ; )
The sun 's out and I 'm here waiting for a guy to service the boiler . ironic notaporno
The same people slagging Hearn for wanting to make money are the same hanging off Floyd 's TMT nut sack . ironic
Interesting that possible MH370 wreckage is coming ashore at a place called `` Reunion Island '' .
: Really enjoying the summer . Took the kids shoplifting in Lewisham shopping centre yesterday . This is ironic
The ones who owns money to somebody are the ones who have BBHMM as a calling tune 😂👎🏼 ironic
Ominously , my pen just ran out of ink after writing the word 'death . ' Should I be worried… ? Ironic Pen Death
My theory of - You win the FIFA FairPlay then see red 3 times and manager in the stands . No I cant work that out either . bizarre
bbcbreakfast VictoriaLive promote massimmigration of terrorists rapists torturers & amp ; slaves , then complain abt criminality created ironic
At his concert , told everyone to raise their hand . When they did , he made them promise not to conform .
Looks like meek mill was the one who needed the ghost writer lol 😂😂 ironic Drake & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; meek
Guitar player citing needlessness of auto tuning guitar technology by using guitar tuner app lol
Invest or release wit Free Trade ? The EU 's CAP is the greatest instrument of poverty in Africa .
am mill i am A circus tent ! Get unicycle lessons while you 're there - everyone always loves a unicyclist .
time to walk the Brae walkingmeditation mindfulness
Source : rapedia dot org .
but true . This happens only in India MeraBharatMahan || Sickulars Libtards Threat 2 Nation
GMA was just talking about actors taking a stand against malicious tweeters ! ironic
I did find the American academic veering towards 'up speak ' occasionally ironic
playing on Pandora radio .
Court ordered to evicate . Can court orders to relocate them either ? StopEviction
Fenelon Ever notice those who scream about compliance are the ones who prattle on about Obama wanting a police state ?
Fans are coming across the border illegally for Indian superstars and terrorist for rest of the india
wow-argument , since Hinduism can respect other religion , let 's impose Hindu Nation on ppl of other religion ..
the reaction after the ref tracks released show me that his fans just do n't wannabe seen as fake if they critique him now .
funny thing , I took a snapshot and was going to post it on here ... just to see what response I 'd get lol ironic
Are you kidding me ? ? ?
- The totally biased judgement by 'supposedly ' unbiased nonjudgmental people : : sigh : : justsaying
Funny how I dislike internet advertisements yet I 'm an internet marketer .
Photo : Great in DC
and with a Kookaburra bat !
On the rivers of Babylon , the tanker sails for black gold to fill the bellies of the hungry consumers . hemp
So the `` big game hunter '' does n't like being hunted by authorities . ironic coward I want justice for CecilTheLion
The cars with the `` How 's my driving ? '' bumper stickers are always the worst drivers ironic
Listening to Elton sing 'do n't let the sun go down on me ... ' as the sun finally decides to come out . nwontroadtrip
The emissions testing area probably has the most emissions because of all the idling cars sitting for an hour or more .
U pay huge fees in Uni and come out with no job others take allowances and are posted to work .
Says the one using foul language . ironic
Ha . is going to reach new heights in Canada during this election .
Lmao GOP loves to slam Hillary over the Benghazi `` scandal '' yet seem ignorant of the Iran-Contra under golden boy Reagan 's presidency
My hotel at MedX costs more than my credit limit on my credit card . ironic
These are their stories . `` : `` Law & amp ; Order '' director busted on child porn charges
`` i 'm an author that 's off the books now here come the chorus that 's off the hook ! ''
The truth is , you pay more for less and pay less for more
The Persian subtitle of one of these screenshots reads : Hezbollah is our honor .
2/2 Guess the value meal is n't so valuable ! Also , no straw . Maybe is only now included with the meals .
`` I 'm a democrat- I 'm already educated '' . Correct grammar , please . But it is funny how you got even that wrong .
You were warned ; the Patriots and other franchises should have listened to the Steelers via
Jameson you would say that ya lefty tree-hugger.irony
died when FTII students opposed to Gajendra Chauhan due to politics stood with FTIIMahabharat
And of course , is one of the sites that wo n't load ironic
257 . And grievously injured over a thousand ! And ridiculed the largest democracy of the world !
at its finest : Cars idling as they wait for an emissions check
get a plate and take it in there
West ham make Europa league qualifiers for fair play . Within 4 games of qualifiers , we already have 3 red cards . thewesthamway
Timetable ? More like time-unable , am I right ? pun satire hilarious scotrail joke noanimalswereharmedinthetweetingofthis
Jenius but you do know what happened to his rebel , right ? travelskills
My divorce was final on July 17 today is my birthday . Tomorrow is my ex wife 's birthday AND she 's getting married ! wow life
nice 2 see u out of the studio and doing a light story . Was on Wed 's news riding my bike on cycle theft story Ironic
Had a dream last night Michelle Obama invited me to the White House for dinner . She fed me burgers , hot dogs and cake . Ironic
Still struck by how ironic Portland 's St. John Bridge protest was . Some great press & amp ; raised $ in donations , but at PDX Taxpayers expense .
Ironic . 😂😘 babymaddalone nicolemaddalonephotography
: useless politician protesting against a useless actor Gajendra Chauhan FTII
The time I saw Corrosion of Conformity live , everyone in the room was dressed alike .
Every time I go to a country concert bad things happen , imma start going back to rock concerts
yeah if anything he should be beheaded ironic
It Is so hard to get through to phone company customer services on the phone ! ironic
so `` defunding '' PP wo n't have any effect on their abortion services . It affects all their OTHER health services .
member when joined ; we beat Mat Latos and he sourgraped Cody and Fontenot were 'mercenaries '
Ummm ... It is now $ ITUS , as mgmt said this was the Greek God of Protection . ironic
And Britons living abroad are never referred to as immigrants , only ever 'expats ' .
& gt ; & gt ; no more than Twitter
“ I can ’ t Let It Go ! It ’ s Frozen ! ” - Elisabeth Ironic QuoteOfTheDay
Des and Antony with the Blue Nun and Black Tower the newsroom brought to 's staff happy hour
An average Indian lives for 70 years . He is still not an adult till theage of 18 . And , gets married by the age of 25 . All he gets …
The is that an individual making a remark is scandalized , while a Joan Rivers gets praised for being “ edgy ” .
Funny that this is getting an awful lot of shares on social media . Now that , , is ironic
My POs name is Ms. Loveless .
I am shocked , shocked . Did I say that I am shocked . satire shocked
Two Mumbai girls meeting in Bangalore and SmallJoysOfLife
Waiting to donate blood , listening to ABRAHAM LINCOLN : VAMPIRE HUNTER by .
Fox News is supporting James Woods ' lawsuit against a troll on Twitter because `` you ca n't lie about people and get away with it ''
Like heaven is a real thing ... reality
J P6 I still love Meek and I still Love Drake . Listen to 100 with Drake and the game though
On private server -- & gt ; Hillary : `` Does it have to be secure ? '' Huma : `` Non secure ''
no class because of 1 of your ex players ?
This is deep .
The hunter is being hunted . CecilTheLion WalterPalmer
The of this story is how well a story about 'He Who Should Not Be Named ' is trending ...
I got a notification conner had a YouTube video while I was reading , and the video was about books 😳👀 GoWatch
Just sat next to a pilot en route to Charleston who was intently reading a gun magazine ... ? wtf toosoon ? ?
What I love about twitter and the people who run it is how how they shave off my followers under the pretext that they are spam .
maddow Trump popularity due to loss of sanity Rand Paul says . FeelTheBern
A place called `` Simply Trendy '' playing the music of Color Me Badd . Hmm ... 20yearsasong
the moment you decide to give up is the best moment to push harder
Seniors : we are going to graduate at the same time ! I 'll get my master 's in Education Administration and you will get your diplomas !
Today : worst buying experience in my life with ... HarvardBusinessReview sales person trying to sell me , yes , sales training !
“ As soon as you stop wanting something , you get it '' . ~ Andy Warhol
isitok Alex seems to be biting a pillow in the adverts .
Yep ! This is a game changer . endofthebbc ironic
`` The world of technology can wait . It 's all about being present in the moment . '' -woman feeding her chickens on Periscope
There is sin in Cousin .
How funny would it be if Mark Zuckerberg and his wife made their baby announcement on MySpace MarkZuckerberg facebook myspace
Fans complain re : lack of trades for 2yrs . Jocketty response : blows up entire rotation but nothing else .
DD allowing Jays to beat him out , ironic
Weird to watch silicon valley season finale while HBO go buffers . hbogo
A week post and my hand is ready for strengthening and training nextyear remember rideforthosewhodied COPS
If the cold of KBY keeps JHB peeps indoors ( party animals van mzansi ) , then you know shot is real outside . Dr. Sick Modise
A belief that homosexuality = depravity extremerussia they believe they 'll just start to have sex with everything ironic maleentitlement
The more money you got , the less likely you 're likely to pay foe sex .
only would be afraid of a flock of geese after years of rocking a flock of seagulls haircut
. on 07.08.12 podcast with , says `` every comedian has a rape joke , except bill cosby '' ... jello
Photo : Union Carbide urges you to clean up stream pollution
They will continue to call themselves `` fiscal conservatives '' and accuse Obama of turning America into Greece
Subtweeting is not even cool . I 'm talking to you youknowwhoyouare
When you buy coffee in Colorado and it costs $ 4.20 ironic
The of this . life twitter theirony
58 was Storen 's original number when he first came up ! Ironic
Ok I needed some scissors bought some ... But I need some dam scissors to open the dam package . ironic wtf helpme
are those black lives being taken ? By black people ? Who scream black lives matter ?
This is a pound out the work and ignore twitter day
Great project , but check your privacy link on ironic
If the killing of a lion leads to more outrage and consequences than the killing in Syria , we have come a long way for animal rights .
. . . it 's in `` The Captain 's '' capable hands . I 'm on the run . . . Grand Marais for Fisherman 's Picnic
I live and have lived a stones throw from this site ironic
Lol . I report finding 2 rather large hairs in my pizza and get followed by ironic
All of you mad about CecilTheLion probably do n't care about the slaughter at PlannedParenthood ironic SaveOurBabies
The countdown begins ... 10 days til results day ! ! Ca n't wait ... resultsday igcse
Pakistan army with 5th largest nuclear stockpile goes begging to people on slightest indication of floods ironic fail
ACA help KS fill budget holes . Last yr , with $ 55M in Medicaid drug rebates , now with $ 17M in higher SCHIP match . Ironic
I fell down the stairs singing Defying Gravity ironic butfunny
the service dog that is on your lap for this flight to ease your anxiety looks like his anxiety is through the roof . ironic
Tonight was literally once in a blue moon ! BlueMoon Ironic
Did n't know whoUwere til u started this campaign against freeSpeech . Opinion is n't defamation . idiocy ignoreRush
The of jimbo fisher talking about accountability , like DC politicians talking about ethics , or ray rice about respect of women
The is that the song about is n't about Irony ... Lol ironic 1995
Classic coneyislandbrooklin201reallyin the top ofthecity free @ Coney Island USA
Ike ekweremadu , dino melaye , Ali Nndume , .. these are arguably d mst dishonorable n less distinguishd occupants of d 8th assembly
Coming up ... in a bleeding chapel ! ironic Brighton
How is this
Hubby and I sitting in Moe 's taking about the latest officer/black man incident and `` Bad Boys '' from Cops comes on the radio .
Saw a guy driving a Prius with a `` Drill Baby , Drill '' bumper sticker . ironic
I am going to direct a production of Cats starring all dogs . It will be ironic
Using and it says my mailing address is incorrect .
Hope the real live forever man , and the fake get exposed
I was referring to your ridiculous tweet . Haggerty is well known for her anti-british bigotry
In the words of Alanis Morrisette ..... Ironic
I get what she 's trying to say but to continue that sentence after the `` but '' is the exact definition of victim blaming .
I 'm just remembering Jordan Hill telling me he was excited to swap LA for Indy because the pace of life is a lot slower .
Just to add insult to injury emails and texts asking me to buy tickets for Wembley when I ca n't go . ironic
Eaves The joke about being broke harks back to the Tory message by Reginald Maudling in 1964 , which he left to James Callaghan
or Hillary ( married to old white guy ) takes on Jeb ( married to Latina ) over racial equality issues .
Working on a PowerPoint deck on How to Write for SocialMedia . `` Do n't bury the lead '' was a slide 's last bullet . SMCoP
Mark Zuckerburg is trending on Twitter . ironic
I 'm trying to download the Jenkins Site Monitor plug-in but the Jenkins plug-in site is down . pivotallife
Catching up with the show on Hulu & amp ; ca n't help but laugh at the fact that Hulu is playing Arby 's ads during the breaks.Irony
Goodbye Sodapalooza . 😔 photobombedbyLOVE ironic
Somewhere Claude Julien is doubled over laughing .
= Trying to compose in a public place while a good musician plays in the background .
I 'm watchin family feud and there 's a black family named white and a white family named brown . . . 😂😨😂
When ur haters run out of bullsht to hurt u dey start telling u fins u are good @
All because of The Harper Government's™ flawed legislation dubbed The Fair Elections Act . cdnpoli
THE STORY BEHIND THIS ! SPIRITUALITY BLESSED ACCOMPLISHED HAPPY…
Ignorance everywhere but knowledge is bountiful in every corner .
ironic lol bored amused funny badadvertising silly haveasenseofhumor laughing
-- I wonder if they will recognize it at their reunion .
Let ’ s start with the metricsystem ! Yes , that was clearly we ’ re too good for socialist metrics
I never thought I 'd enjoy writing about breasts so much .
Actually , Vanessa is already working on a plan to save Clelli by getting Becky up as the renom . Ironic
Captured all of Bono 's rant about photographing the show instead of participating . Will have to upload when he 's not watching
Out watching a band of 20 something 's so 80s covers where the band members are drinking Rainier .
I wonder if the funding models for startups and compensation for founders has any relevance to this trend .
The Ironic Life Of The Inventor Of Telephone
Dutch courage , well that 's what the Irish would do .. Round up the babyguinness shots 🍻 BachelorInParadise
MiamiHereWeCome : StevenAnselm : People do n't meet in bars anymore . They 're too busy trying to meet ghosts on their phone . nightlife …
Menma would RKO 's giant statue which would then fall down onto Obito rushing his right side thus allowing Menma the win
Wilmer Flores with the walk-off . Mets
I was gon na get this shirt , but they did n't have my size .
My class starts with an `` EZ '' -- only it is n't ...
The one person who understands me is the only person who will never trust me again . Ironic ChildishnessEndsRelationships
Updates Adding Julie made the number go back to 12 , jury ca n't begin till number is 11 . They ( 6S ) wanted Julie
when translators do n't deliver their work , and I have to spend my holiday-allocated-novel-writing time filling in publishinglife
. your comment , `` do n't tell others how to live their lives , '' is telling someone how to live his life . comedy
My dog chewed my cambridgebible . The one I used in seminary ! Had me cursing . I probably need to read it more !
Maybe as smug as someone who feels the need to publish their thoughts on Twitter ? troll
Smash ca n't stand a guy who thinks he 's God 's gift . FNL
Proof that God has a sense of humour : 3 red cards in 3 EuropaLeague ties after qualifying via uefa fair play
Congrats BlueJays u have the best pitcher in baseball David Price . 2 bad you have the worst pitcher too , drew hutchison . ironic
We owned a bakery but come Christmas Day & amp ; New Years , we are the ones with no bread . LOL ironic
1 Cecil has lawmakers draft a law to stop trophy hunting ; it took 2 towers and more than a thousand deaths for the Patriot Act
`` Man shoots armadillo , bullet ricochets back into his face . `` irony armadillofightsback
The Unsettling Anti-Science Certitude on Global Warming . True believers accuse sceptics of being anti-science
At Elephant & amp ; Castle on a night with a blue moon and ordered one and they were out .
thats funny because I 've always thought they do mushrooms ironic
That time called someone Else 's tattoos stupid
Since I do n't want 600 mosquito bites I brought Ironic
the list plenty so me I tag them as `` HOUSE OF COMIC '' almost 85 % of them are dishonourable
My friend took me on this to cheer me up after a nasty breakup and the guy next to us proposed to his girlfriend ironic
Another romantic Friday night . Wife scoops poop out of cloth diapers while I stand by eating chocolate chips . dadlife Twinning
It 's almost poetic that I 'm watching ant man while getting attacked by mosquitos ironic angry
They just played a plan b commercial right before a pampers commercial .... ironic
Neck smooches 💋 but I do n't do hickies ironic
Meek Mill talked shit about , womped on a diss track , and lost his gal all within a week .
1 . A kid wearing an Andrew Luck shirt & amp ; a Patriots hat .
Words like Posthumous are ironic because its not humorous at all that you 're famous after you 're not there to witness it . YesIKnow
indeed ..... the predator is trying to kill man while man is fighting to keep the predator alive ironic
Home ... where people fly Confederate flags to oppose oppression
Love this scene in Coming to America where Akeem gives Mortimer and Randolph a bag full money .
Every single tote screen and Sky has gone off in the tab except for Ch78 .
on a global scale ? Or is it hypocrisy Obama chides AfricanLeaders who cling to power
MRCTV Reporter told can not film outside NationalArchives 1A
When You finally get what you want you only then realize it wasnt really what you wanted in the end ... ?
i 'm watching friends with my cat .
You 're funny , y'know that ?
Meek Came up and Lived a Dream until he made the wrong move and now living his Nightmare . Smh DreamsAndNightmares IRONIC WeakMill
says promotes mediocrity when he himself became the VP of by being soniagandhi 's son .
When a cops and robbers party gets busted by real cops ... GrrrMondays
Well known fact that Colorado has no 420 mile marker sign . they are all 419.9😂 ironic
`` Mr. Tambourine Man '' is actually a really lousy song for the tambourine
`` ROWDY '' Roddy Piper : Professional Wrestler & amp ; Actor passed PEACEFULLY in his sleep at Age 61 . RIP Roddy .
Just went to to listen to & amp ; the 1st song that pops up is Little Red Wagon !
I have a friend who is hanging out with my on a Friday night ! ! Yay : ) newfriend hernameismarissa ironic twins
My mom truly does n't like me , she does n't want me in the family anymore , probably wants to put me up for adoption ironic
The two girls next to that talked through the first band , just complained about not being able to hear them : -/ ironic
Utopia in NT is the most underserved place in Australia . I want to change this , says Adam Giles NT Chief Minister ironicgarma 2015
`` I must not tell lies '' ironic
what 's funny is when I favorited that tweet it was a gold star ⭐️
Why would need a security detail ? ! MMA Strikeforce
Mark Teixeira has the ugliest swing in baseball . Period . Then he hits 2 bombs . SportsCenter
Sometimes the more you resist what 's good for you the more it hurts . But do you know what 's good for you ? ? catch22 noyorole
That one night I actually surpassed my own expectations of staying awake & amp ; it´s the night rose abandons me : P Bedtime now !
Ok so I promise last tweet ... Im watchin How High and do n't do drugs ironic ... I used to blow but I choose not 2 ... allofasudden ... 😫 yawns
The facilitators of the African slave trade marching with the people they once bought and sold .
It 's like raaaaain on your wedding dayIt 's a free riiiide when you 've already paidLife has a funny , funny way of helping you outIronic
Time for bed . More and badjokes tomorrow 😆
Actually put sunscreen on today and only got burnt in those places ironic tomato 🍅☀️
Last time I visited parliament house I leant on a street pole and it fell on me , turns out it had a rusted foundation ; )
so are you thinking of taking all the Jacqui videos and combining them into one ? I 'd do that myself but ... NotTechSavvy
`` you should embrace it it could be one of our realist moments '' -drake lls ..... im sorry .. i just had to say it ironic
I 'm going to call today 's musicalimprov SwipeRight it can be viewed for your ironic pleasure on…
Lol forgetting Sarah Marshall ... Ironic OrNaw
i never went down during scheduled maintenance time only after it was supposed to be over ironic
One of My groomsmen just got engaged ! ! ! Then his mother called with bad news about his grandmother and a shattered hip . ironic
Vetri to : drop dead you zombies ! Elixr : do n't be douche-y socialmedia
ironic All week I 've been struggling to wake up at 3:00 am to be on time at work.Saturday , I 'm free and I open my eyes ... 3:00am
`` We '' Huh ? So Mr. Peters is including himself in this statement . `` Mr. Peters has a Soft Heart .. '' I ca n't . Lol . I 'm sorry . Ironic
It seemed to be shaping up as a catalog of his sexual conquests . Was n't up for that . Of course , then I read 'Clarissa . '
Apparently the Bin Laden plane hit a Porsche , it 's 911 all over again .
the no voting celtic board non paying living wage one !
no , you ironing your ass cheeks , now that 's ironing ! ! or ironing ? ! Your plesha
BF Theresa Hahaha ! ! How funny this appeared on my timeline ! ironic
All you have done in this thread is abuse atheists and then accuse them of bigotry . alert ?
Man in Texas tried to shoot an armadillo but bullet ricocheted & amp ; hit him in the face
BREAKING : Osama bin Laden 's family had plane crash southern UK , 4 dead .
Work out done , pig-out at The Bunny Baker now lol Ironic
I forgot how much I love writing with a pen and paper . Typing is overrated .
Ironic Bin Laden relatives reportedly killed in private jet crash in Britain
tweeting people telling them to ditch the device they 're reading this on and you 're tweeting from ... Ironic
playing ‘ the lazy song ’ and working ! .. ironic : P
Sticky plaster on a disaster people floodin in homeless , poor all in need a band aid for our ownirony
you ’ re right why spend 39 hours over the next 5 years or more getting to the end of a story that ’ s fairly entertaining ? ironic
Vanity is so unattractive . fakebreasts weird offputing
Oh the of Phil Gould talking up the NSWCup - NRL
Pets are not allowed in a pet store . What an ! ! !
chateau with natbondbloom chilling and talking to the guess girl ironic don't…
Someone just said my hair looked like a Youtuber 's
I truly despair . If I DO N'T report the same thing happens ,
: But an American would still support the fucking War against Terrorism
`` I ca n't - Icon : two letters apart . One step away from being lost in the dark ! '' iconic ironic
Abbott has neither shame nor - actually this list cd go on 4 quite a bit.Just Bootthemout lnp racism
Rapha , a company that plays on heritage and suffering . Yet was founded in 2004 and is bought by people with an aversion to suffering .
Word of the day ...
or not !
I tried opening Netflix on my phone and Nike+ Running came up instead ..
So BJP does unnecessary expenditure to question unnecessary expenditure by AAP . Without ever disclosing their own source of funds .
my is dipped in several more layers of irony , making whatever I do not ironic , yet ironic at the same time . Ironic , is it ?
So my doctors ask me to come in if any new symptoms arises , but they never know what to do ? chroniclife help
Inviting Rahul Baba to FTII is the worst thing.Even institutions are witnessing political battle on their playground FTIIMahabharat
Maligning of the divine religion by its own disciples starts at its own holy city from today . EpicNation
It 's not cool how your intern leaves the letter `` O '' out of the word `` playoffs '' spellcheck uhoh
- Hospital wifi blocks my access to a prochoice website I 'm using for an article . wtf srsly /mandaSMASH
Heard play 'Dance With My Father ' on . Wonder if her kids or ex heard it ? Ironic
Lord Sewell was in charge of standards and part of the Bin Ladin family are killed in a plane crash , someone call Alanis Morrisette ironic
Dear . , you will realise that your this tweet will be blatantly ignored as compared to other stuff you tweet .
“ : Bin Laden Family Members Killed In Plane Crash Wow ! NoComment
it 's all about retweets , shows what a sad life they have tbh 😂Most pick on people 's looks when they hide their faces
BinLaden sister and stepmother feared dead in UK plane crash .
complex things ... When all forsake you , Jesus is with you Hebrews 13:5 .
AAP followers are so intelligent .. we use to joke abt them and now jokes are on us .
Israeli settlers killing a Palastinian 'Baby ' and they want WEST to stop to pursue a 'Nuke ' . `` Pakistan should support ``
This was months ago . Before they started working together .
Wow your `` CustomerService `` just gets better & amp ; better ironic you 've app closed my complaint - wld you like to advise why ? !
Dad thinks the whole Furry thing is `` weird , '' then posts this on my FB .
They just announced flight 8886 arrival . 2 . 5 hrs late but still refer to it as Air Canada `` Express ''
Illegal immigrants being put up in former office blocks in South London while British people are forced to use food banks . ironic
Let this concept sink in for a minute .
I am literally watching White Chicks right now thelaughiscutetho
FBI MI5 SAS hunt the World for BinLaden family only to find they meet their death in a plane crash in auction carpark in Bushey
Reading about how full on grey hair is cool while sat at hairdressers having my 20yr old grey streak dyed .
one bullshit ITK account calling out another
Occupationalhazard - Wanting to go off social media but works for social media marketing .
Would it be considered ironic that the Starbucks in airports are usually the slowest ones ? firstworldproblems
but unfortunately now a days what all we do is we change our fb dp 's
Singing a sad ass break up song at karaoke while nationalgirlfriendday is trending . Talk about lol
Osama family 'on Blackbushe Airport crash plane ' Ironic funny Comedy Karma revenge
. maybe this is going to sink the TPP ironic
These Daya Socialy Disconnected Means Leaving Facebook , Twitter , Instagram Etc.Wow ... Irony
On Calvinism , false teachers not allowed by God ( that 's Arminianism ) , but decrees them . ignorant ? ironic
Aw . Shame . ( do n't worry , I have my dad 's 1st name & amp ; my mum 's middle ( male version ) 1/2
The most ironic thing just happened , my girlfriend just broke up and `` I do n't love you '' by MCR came on . I 'm dying , haha . MCR
Upgraded ubuntu 's kernel to the 3.16.0-45 . It broke grub and the suspend on ram hung on restore . Great work keepupthegoodwork ironic
Using my Beats headphones to listen to nothing but Texas country
Nayak And people are tagging them who did n't post a single tweet on RasagolaDibasa .
I just realized .... the MH370 's `` Boeing '' wing flap is being inspected in `` Toulouse '' ...
This is why Magic : The Gathering is still my favourite after all these years ...
People sitting & amp ; wondering ki 'Ab kya hoga ' after Porn-Ban , C'mon we are Still on the way to Ban Smoking & amp ; Tobacco Ghutkas ! ! ! 😯😯Irony
cartoon `` Boy caught pissing on the plants '' watercolour art decoration illustration
is when you1 . Seek fame2 . Marry a crazy hero nicknamed `` the cuckoo '' 3 . Undertake a crazy quest4 . Get dumped for acting like a kook
Oh come on ... 😡 Came back from vacation to find a wasp 's nest on my terrace . ( higly allergic btw )
`` So mom , how 'd you cheat ? ! `` `` Well , it was in my Christian ethics class ..... '' ironic 😂😂
I mean , at this point , what does it matter ?
Why does my OCD require me to wash the bar soap until clean ? randomthoughts slowsaturday cleaning
REPORT Ironic that 'Democrats ' seem to feel they have the right to tell people what they should think .
Ca n't call yourself a coder or hacker or programmer if you 've never crashed your machine before . Whether purposefully or by accident .
amazing after a week of issues & amp ; 1hr trying to speak someone that your hold music told me not 'to lose my self control ' ironic
American cops kill more Americans than ISIS has . WhoIsTheRealThreat
India exports tech advanced bulletproof jackets and protective armor to 200 countries ! But short supplied to Indian police .
WalterPalmer CecilTheLion his guide was called honesty
Do u evr go to the beach n go to a pool at ur hotel instead of the beach itself ?
The country which gave us Kamasutra is now banned Porn .
OUTRAGEOUS ! inthepocketsofgovernment ... must post this on facebook
What a loser this Liverpool `` supporter '' is . He even names himself after an ex-Villa player ! bellusendus
You 'd think that the would have better than crappy slow 3G network ironic disappointing RumbleOnTheHumber
. Hey man , you call us fools , but you 're the one who ca n't back up any of your arguments in support of . ironic
'leave . ' & amp ; 'Do n't speak to me that way . '
Quite ironic that you only get remembered when you die and then ignored while you live . ironic
Rain rain go away ! Thunder on Thunder Mountain . 😕⚡️💦☔️🚂 THUNDERmountain ponchos…
Ca n't see Richard Hughes riding for Gosden again after that.exaggeratedwaitingtacticsirony
Something about saying `` tax free '' and `` shop '' just makes me not be able to stop laughing ! !
1 heaven forbid that we teach young people to connect to others ! ! ! youthoftoday connect
The one day I 'm dedicated in trying to figure out my study abroad situation and URI 's websites are all down ironic
RT : 3 members of bin Laden family killed in plane crash in England topstories
Is it bad that I 'm on social media rather than paying attention to the session that I 'm attending about social media ? ironic
As long as that 1 is Steve `` the shift '' , I 'm comfortable with itLUFC
It 's wedding day and the salons playing ' I Write Sins Not Tragedies ' and everything is so funny .
When Scientist first capture the image of the universe , they named it 'The Face of God ' . Ironic
Oh look , defeated ex-MP Ed Balls is trying to tell Labour how to not lose the election he lost .
love the way the left wing fundamentalists busy themselves condemning right wing fundamentalists ... for being fundamentalists .
Rowdy died while he was sleeping . One of his arsenals was the `` Sleeper Hold '' a submission maneuver.Irony RIPHotRod 👆☁️
Oh God , I 'm old enough to hear an Alanis Morrisette cover in the pub and people do n't remember the original . ironic
drove 69 miles just to cockblock neature
Good Bye Lenin ! RT 12 juxtaprogressive same people who stand on pro- '' choice '' want a socialist leader bluescare bernie
`` We need to be a bit more public about our responses ” said senior administration official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
& gt ; ethics exam & gt ; cheatsirony
Well that 's ironic ...
Mmmmm good memories travel Dubai UAE security @ Dubai Airport Terminal 1
Here 's a joke for August : check-in and bag drop at Mykonos airport ironic Easyjet
Guy driving safety bollards around City of London merrily chatting away on his mobile phone .
Bin Ladens killed in plane crash via
Osama Bin Laden 's family died in a plane crash .
Ironic We will Always Remember them for the injustices done to them , and their lives being Stolen .
Loving this August heatwave Manchester
juxtaprogressive same people who stand on pro- '' choice '' want a socialist leader bluescare bernie ignoranthistory
i seem to of lost my new camo t shirt ? ? ? yes , i know , , , , ironic
Sometimes when something fails , everything goes into place .
Bin Ladens killed in plane crash IronySanenessMatters via
Haha ... This comes from the perpetrator of the Jungle Raj in Bihar .
👍🏽to the larger couple out for a walk together in the heat to get healthy ! 👎🏽to the Big Gulp of Blue drink they 're sucking down .
I shall remember this while I wait in a hot & amp ; crowded carriage during a signal failure . Thanks 👍🏼 LoveLondon
. sheds light on plagiarism ( do n't call it text recycling - this is the real deal ) .irony
ShutUpAndDrive & amp ; I 'm referencing my kickass tango to the song .
Admire sense of humour . Music while queuing for 15 minutes ? `` What you waiting for ? '' from George Ezra 's Blame It On Me
Four new projects came in the last 36 hours . It 's August , I have a broken wrist . Never fails . ironic
When everybody need me : 1000000+When I need them : 0Irony : ) )
Jon Snow IS ALIVE GameOfThrones fans ! and he has smuggled art from Gaza to London - and now it 's on display
This is the state of Social Equality in Indian Judiciary Prerna
Amazing.You kill ..... but now you fear being killed in justification.irony
lol ! But still you 'd think mobile boarding passes would auto update on seat changes instead of printing paper
I left my bag that had my pdm in it at the red sox game last night , and when i went in to get it I had to drive right past my Dr. 's
Celebrating twelve years of moving from Toronto by ... having a trip to toronto : P memories
This rain in CapeTown is hectic 😜 Ironic
Hibs fan on here , tweeting about Rangers
Customer : `` Oh you 're new here , is today your first day ? I 've never seen you before . `` Me : `` Nope , it 's actually my last . `` Lol
Have n't heard an anti-vaccer call for the abolition of the Ebola vaccine yet ... I guess they 've seen Ebola and fear it .
I find it extremely comical that US cellular has one if the worst mobile sites I 've ever used .
OsamaBinLaden relatives killed in plane crash ironic justice
Freeh 's attorneys say Spanier defamation filing is filled with `` lengthy and gratuitous public relations spin . ''
watching it in the future ! Ironic
Wow . Gov teet-suckers are the ones complaining about government welfare . ironic southernpride
Ran out of gas & amp ; walked to aaa only to be told that they ca n't help us lunchbreak ironic
All the politicians calling for an end to establishment politics are the establishment .
Also Hillary is the black fly in your Chardonnay Ironic DontYouThink
Just got to jays family 's house and w/ jay being black of course they all have black cars and I pull up in my white truck .... 😒 ironic
Put differently : it is rare when someone sees , rare when someone hears , and rare when someone speaks with wisdom .
Someday I 'll write a paper arguing that John should be a synoptic Gospel . Its exclusion seems too much like a canonical bias .
One of the few groups of people able to afford the new gold smartphone with the image of Cecil will be Minnesota dentists
The boys who slut shame are usually the biggest man whores ironic
Charging the speaker with the charger . letsbefriends silverbullet budlightliving
What 's the number 7 for on the Baffert jersey ? The number of dead horses ? ironic
I think you need a permit and $ 1,000,000 of liability ins to use fireworks in DeKalb County .
Come in to find the bug tracking software has crashed ...
Barton $ Z Homeowners suffering misery from inaccurate Zestimates can use to sue Zillow
Just got ran over by a life boat
I realised that . You Muppet
and India is the land of origin of Kamasutra ! Hypocrisy at its best ! pornban ironic nofreedom
Just got word from Twitter that it 's NationalGirlfriendDay . Evidently Twitter has yet to inform my boyfriend , the social media guy .
Watch the guy at the back . ironic winnipeg -- - Pedestrian struck by vehicle at Arlington and William
Real talk ... I ca n't make this up ... Cecil the Lion 's brother was just killed in Africa AllLionsMatter scarysimilar
Stevie Wonder - Hotter than July ironic
Ice cream and fire . ironic bbq
I chose one geocache randomly to pick up in hoqium . And it took me to Barnes flowers ! !
`` `` You could read it there , but you ’ ll never hear any of it from me . ” Pete actually smiles . “ No spoilers . '' `` FindersKeepers King
A guy named Dicker wrote a post called `` Here 's Why Human Penises Are So Big '' truth via
The irony ...... cdnpoli
Probable CB pairing for opening day ... Allen/Origi Rodgers is a genius ironic LFC
This was on my newsfeed on Facebook ... Ironic much ? StrangerDanger Uber Notalldriversarebadthough Doh
Caught a toad today , named him froggy . How Ironic ? frog toad cute tiny
Kind of ironic , watching Harry Potter in the same place some of it was filmed . AlnwickCastle
Interesting ... trashes the US yet makes her living here and revels in her freedom of ( hate ) speech . Hypocrisy
Hands free . hijab headscarf ironic
murder is legal term . Is the PD deciding law now ? Sounds like obstruction of justice .
'The shackles of selfishness , corruption and mediocrity that have held the nation back must be shattered . '| JA-GG GG
Awkward moment when you buy an ipod and the new one comes out ten days later : ( lifeiscruel damnapple whyjesuswhy ITRUSTEDYOUAPPL
ad banner on the top of a page where I 'm reading an article about sexualharassment . sideeye rapistcosby
Enough said . nofilter @ poolside
do n't leave me alone too long to think
34 years ago MTV played `` video killed the radio star '' but the radio is still around and MTV does n't play music anymore what so ever ironic
this was the first tweet in my `` while you were away '' section just now .
Having the best day of my life FBCteenscamp2015 Prom/DinnerNight
Just watched an advert for super fast broadband . It 's down in southwest London . ironic
Karma is the only bitch that has never left me Ironic
& amp ; if i speak 2 any of this , i 'll b called negative , pushy , crazy , controversial
Yet he felt it was appropriate to insult McCain a vet and POW
Reagan got a HUGE economic boost from govt , Obama has been penalized by govt CONTRACTIONirony tcot
Not many people know this because I rarely have visitors , but I have some great coffee table books .
Giant sign on 670 in Cbus that says `` Focus on your driving . Over 500 traffic deaths this year . '' I find that sign very distracting .
Their talking about what they 're disgusted by . When the bitch is barefooted and has them resting on the bleachers next to me .
attacking wm yet drawing salaries ironic
Three Bin Ladens killed in plane crash in Britain . Does n't your heart say , `` Karma is a bitch '' ?
Can someone tell these Confederate flag waving fucktards the only First Lady of their beloved failed country was a Black woman .
There 's something hilarious about a Mitt supporter calling people stupid . StupidRINOS
😩😓😔 guilty .. My mind can be my worst enemy yet also my best friend
This song just comes on right now in the car .... Describes SouthernOregon quite well ...
Tonight I will be bar tending while wearing a MinorThreat shirt .
Trippin ' on the trails pun Punny lsd ironic funny LOL trippin trails Vine youtube fearless
LRT . Still can help the laughter .
Shield 's up ! edifestLA
We who opposed intervention & amp ; saw through the West 's lies are now being echoed by alQaeda apologists who only now see imperialism.Irony
ironic the 'google ' folder contains everything bar hmm google 😕
MakesMeSmile BeingLectured2byPeopleWhoJoined Labour 5minsAgo from Greens
I was 50/50 on adding the tag . You Bastard .
Now THAT is how you tame a lion ! jerichoLiontamer - Chris Jericho via
All india ( mostly a hindu population ) Mourned over the death of Dr KalamBt mny muslims mourned a terrorist deathN say '' dun label us '' irony
From Dusk Till Dawn
Anyone else find the that It 's Hard To Be the Bard is in Dactylic meter and he 's complaining about Iambic meter ?
U2 : Bring Back the - via | PopCulture Pop Kitsch
Having to iron a so-called `` non-iron '' shirt , while wearing an iron ring .... that 's all kinds of and ironic engineering style
Confederate flag supporters out in force @ FancyFarm . They stood & amp ; removed hats for national anthem . ironic
`` Just about the time I try to make ends meet , somebody moves the ends '' quotes broke money proverbs wisdom
And they tell us not to drink and drive ..... especially on the job .
is watching Masterchef , by the looks of it ironic
Made N stands 2 make Millions in review off guys who 've built their names in wrestling N Brock Lesnar
A `` sharing platter '' is like a break-up , you make requests for what you 'd like to be yours , but in the end it 's all about sacrifices . ironic
That awkward moment when people make more enemies on friendship day whom they are not aware of.Deceiveness Waah Neverunderestimate
Life has a funny way .. helping out .. np alanismorissette ironic
The invisible wall of - 'Dont talk to me i 'm on social media ' confused
On becoming Speaker : '' Bishop said the parliament was entitled to have dignity returned to it . `` auspol
I have drastically reduced myself from social media sites and it is wonderful . CleansingForTheSoul
A poster on a tree that says `` No posters on trees '' publicspaces
goes home and tweets about it ironic 😂
what an attractive look .
Anybody else catch the wildhorses of running past at the end of their show ? acoltisababyhorse dci2015
Yes ! ! We need to praise Azam Khan for stating the obvious .
So on the news they just said three of Osama Bin Laden 's family members died in a plane crash 😳 ironic karma
Just in case ! cautious PleaseDontSue !
I have church in the AM , somebody tweet me the result of the Rousey fight
and you said that women had no business in the ufc now your 1 goldengoose is never underestimate women
on the fighters but Tai Chi Panda and Straight Outta Compton in the cage UFC190
Just saw a cop in his squad car texting and driving .... Then he mashed somebody 's whip from behind cause he could n't stop on time . Ironic
It 's like 2 Mosquitos in your Cabernet Ironic butnotreallyironic A little too ironic ... and yea I…
And that was a random tweet I had no idea I 'd end up with a fan today . How ironic
My dad just bought me a lipstick named trust issues
Seems like once you know what you are looking for , you ca n't find it .
I usually lol at the people who use the `` fake '' word when talking about WWE , Because they 're the same people who rave about a Movie Ironic
Lol that song just had to come on at this time ... 😪 ironic
WhyIsIt I keep getting ten thousand spoons when all I need is a knife ? Ironic DontchaThink
Aguilar wearing a Lucha mask on the way to the Octagon .
Ironic - Drama hip hop beat instrumental piano old school drama hip-hop ironic
deepthoughts commentary parkslope @ [ brook∙vin ]
Requesting with and the DJ plays `` anything you want in the world '' ironic ? ? 💁🏼🍸👑💜
Kill a lion and even cries ! But Kidnap and make slaves of hundreds of African Girls and not one tear ! !
I 'm down to drown a bit of the night with you . drinking sauve maybe
Shelton 's been on the phone gossiping like an old woman and I 'm just waiting to watch game of thrones with him nogenderrolesforus
The Edge does n't have ugly wall paper , but it 's the set that stays dark . ThursDays
ironic when you see it let me know sorry therealtsmadison I had to .........
Of course now that I have a car I have nowhere to go ... There 's something in that .
You 're buying an SSL certificate and they send you your password by email ! trust
I do n't get how Conservative voters so tired of the elite , have now deemed themselves the elite in our Party & amp ; the others are peons .
Had to buy this shirt ... 😋 👕 humour fashion blogger
Report : Trump 's Companies Hire More Than 1,000 Foreign Workers Mostly From Mexico . . . . . . .
They can only hang minorities and when it comes about Hindus even most wanted criminal will be selected as PM PakWithBapuSuratSingh
People would be amazed if you tell them you do n't listen to music.But wo n't be that amazed if you tell you do n't offer prayer.Irony
People that start phrases with `` I literally… '' are much less likely to be familiar with literature . Ironic
`` After a while he kind of lost his luster because there was n't any new dimension to his character . '' - about
A society in which wealth is the measurement of happiness and English is the measuring of intellect.wonderfulworld Ironic life
Not yet . It 's on my list . I saw one where he was an amnesiac . That was good . Forgot what it was called .
O SURELY NOT : Small Pool of Rich Donors Dominates Election Giving – via
UK has a big liberal , apologist , appeaser problem and Islam has deviously used gay rights movement to progress .
Hmmm ... Chlorhuhn , anyone ? via
Sunday morning , Wimbledon , London . Everything Everywhere ? ? ! ! ? ? EE NoG
how ironic our birds like cat stevens budgies records wellis schallplatte catstevens…
would be flying a ConfederateFlag in Alaska , seeing as it still belonged to Russia during the Civil War . ( Bought in 1867 for $ 7mil )
`` : What you learned ? It was communion so we talked about how Jesus was betrayed by friends .
Just saw a camera from an intersection take a picture of a speeding cop damnstraight
strong38 1 on the field 1 in your hearts ironic
I called someone out for texting during `` Exit '' and they said , `` I was just tweeting about how much I 'm loving the show . ''
At a pharmacy conference and ca n't find anti-emetics . psa15syd
Since when Wynne worry about wasting taxpayers $ ironic hypocrite onpoli election2015
Mine hated it ! ! Yet when we came home the first thing they played with was the Sand Pit ! !
The one who comes to teach learns keenest of lessons , while those who come to learn learn nothing . education coetzee
There is a store called Cold Turkey that sells cigarettes . smoking quitcoldturkey cigarettes funnies
I think octane should play more . All their songs are amazing ! It 's Never Enough lovethem
I find it ironic that the term played out is now itself playedout stonerthoughts random 420moment
`` It 's like meeting the man of your dreams and then meeting his beautiful wife '' ironic
Mom `` can you believe that woman today talking about people behind their back ! Wow how rude ! She should .... ''
And water stations .
When people tweet certain things and you ca n't help feeling they 've done exactly the same thing to you ? ! ironic hypocrites boredofit
After the `` no cameras '' warning , we were told to tag our photos w/ tourforthetroops
The best part of ShellNoPDX protest is ropes , banners , kayaks - mostly petroleum based
are you still celebrating ? Are you being `` pampered '' ? GOPfamilyvalues AskVitter VitterEthics
This is the one that amused me .
Good morning ! ridelondon pearsonscycles
Of course it 's gon na rain after i had my car washed .
Their bio says `` Basketball . God first . '' 😂 Ironic
asks to tweet less on a sunday n himself has tweeted 4-5 times tdy since morning as of yet datsWannabeFrU
They 'd greet you on friendship day forgetting how they back stabbed you being a friend ! strange world '
WWE may not be real , but UFC puts you to sleep for 4x the price . Their only draws are wwe-like characters .
I love it . RT : Aguilar wearing a Lucha mask on the way to the Octagon .
The best part of Paris for these toddlers was the pigeons chasing funny ironic 6secondesFrance
Morning agenda : spill whole mason jar filled with coffee . On carpet . . . √ Nailed it . SMH . brokerules coffeekarma sunday
You jump in on a thread that you 're not tagged in to tell us that Katie haters jump on every bandwagon ? Hmm ... hypocrite
Shelli/Clay are fuming right now about James . Clay : '' of all the people to have power '' ; Shelli : '' What bothers me is the arrogance . '' BB17
“ : Never tweet . auspol karma
. Another ironic truth : )
Lol I do n't even want to get married 😂😂😂
oh the or does even exist anymore seems we need another name
BT 's ability to build & amp ; run telecoms infrastructure enabled it to buy the rights to show football games .
Really good piece on on climate scientists being harassed has an F150 ad ?
Gov of Pak to release 163 Indian Fishermen this Aug ... A token of thanks for Border Killings ? : / Army riz
LOL last update 4 hours ago .
Vacation Central WH Takes Shot at GOP for Summer Break ; Ironic Quote of the Week ! : …
Oh how the mighty can fall !
Where are the goals chelsea ? Oh wait is stopping them selfdestruct facommunityshield CFC blueforever
Yet the others are in media daily pontificating about how Trump2016 should run campaign .
Just saw golf commercial . there slogan is `` There 's always better '' . Take your own advise and look at Tiger Woods .
People on Twitter really celebrate this day ... wow ... I mean I cant believe my eyes ... FriendshipDay Twitterusers
The ChopperGate helicopter was powered by Kerosine.justsayingKeroBathBronnieIrony
`` Faith and Failure '' healing faith
It borrowed words yet is the poorest & amp ; most popular Ironic but fact , language is for communication shaila
Oh the of Kathleen Wynne showing concern for a `` waste of taxpayer dollars '' . GasPlant cdnpoli TOpoli
If you kill many lives in India , you will be treated like Masinhairony
A bald man said I had a bad hairstyle last night . How 'bout that for huh ? dick
Martin Ferguson for Speaker ! ironic
Reading , riting , and rithmatic ... Oh the
Boyz GayPride Ironic 🌈 @ Brighton Pride
Saakshi maharaj quoting Newton ... saying `` action hoga to reaction hoga na bhai '' ... See the ?
In Amish country , enjoying the free wifi ! ironic amish wifi paradox
When you get what you want , you do n't always want it
Corporate welfare blasted from right wing billionaire whose companies live of millions of taxpayer dollars
Burpin in a restaurant watercolour art decoracion funny
¿que ? I dont smoke but every bar I rhyme has reference to it more than everybody else I know . : /
Should CJ Wilson continue to play and push through it even though he risks career ending injury ? Teammates would opt for surgery
So my temp loaned-by-friend car ( whilst mine is off road due to fuel system issue ) has broken down too . With a fuel system issue .
This is only ironic if you live in my head . personal drama youwouldntunderstand sigh…
isitok that we contact Alanis Morissette again to discuss why the Boeing MH370 has washed up on REUNION island ? ironic
do you think you could add this to the next verse please ? ironic australia embarassingleadership
In my high school yearbook , I listed the following pet peeves in my senior blurb : Beards , burliness , & amp ; being cold . ihatevermont
( +18/21 ) Topless on Sunday watercolour art cartoon homedecor
Feb 2012 : Microsoft Slams Google Privacy Changes With “ Putting People First ” Ad Campaign & lt ; the Protect Ame…
just died in my rear courtyard Guilty in Vyapam scam will not be spared : MP CM …
Chilterns £400mn tunnel to protect natural beauty denied by - yet Birmingham want £3.5bn for pretty hs2 buildings ! ironic
And Nawaz is Sharif no . 1 .. wtf ... this is how u waste energy ... on a sunday ... all for few RTs/Fav .... irony
How ironic has fans and supporters and the officer who caught her has no one to talk about him ironic justice ?
yes , they 're the real victims in all this ironic
Kero Bath would seem the best option.She could siphon some out of that Kerosine-Powered Chopperirony
Turning your laptop on , specifically to backup your 6,000 photos , only to find your laptop wo n't switch on . The sad irony . ironic
Autocorrect just corrected Autocorrect to Atrocities
Concept films ironic feeling memory InstaSize @ 798 Art District
you ca n't say Cameron does n't do
I dislike Spurs , but I love
I have an attitude every Sunday morning😒ironic
1 .Maggie has been banned in India 2 . PornBan In India But Now Ban on has been lifted ! Irony
Australian press bleating about the treatment of Johnson . This is the same rag who refused to print Stuart Broads name cmail
have new reality show teaching up and comers how to make it in LA . JCEntertainment
Ha ha love it when women use derogatory words to me & amp ; say I lack class ....... like being a nasty woman is classy ha ha ! KD ironic jogon
I had a Snickers for breakfast .
It 's sad how some people rush to Twitter to get themselves some cheap coverage in response to sad events .
It 's a Morphy Richards expression.irony
Singing `` If I were a boy '' ironic 😊
On media bemoans that media is 'all abt tRUMP '
`` Always a villain , even when I 'm not '' that 's what I feel lately tbh
Notice US dentist who killed CecilTheLion thought was fine to lure him off Park , faces ironic pull of extradition to face poetic justice
ukip : `` Do n't just complain about it ... Do something ! ''
Just caught up on the UK fight ... Amazing . Actually hurt my back jumping out of bed as she knocked her out !
Am I bad 'cause I laughed ? TheBeatles GeorgeHarrison beetles memorial
ironic as I sit working and reading I overhear to elderly white men sitting just one table away…
wow i quit my job and i 'm currently starving to death and both could 've been avoided tbh
he met his demise in Philly .. And prob stripped in a chop shop . CityOfBrotherlyLove
Getting mad as a super rich dude for financing campaigns when you are are a super rich dude yourself ?
Saw a woman this morning with a Fitbit on her wrist and a cigarette between her fingers ...
Lord Peter Baelish is nobody 's Bae Ironic GameofThrones
this from the man whose style of football is to go about parking buses everywhere . 😂😂😂
Most satanic person on Earth calling people tha devil . Lol IronKnee EyeEarnKnee
An exciting election would be ScottWalker/ChrisChristie vs JoeBiden/BernieSanders younger=conservative older=progressive
the very same government who tell us we 're living longer .
Uber driver is listening to Nelly 's `` Ride With Me . ''
Who did n't ? ? 😂😂
Enjoying the gluttony that is all-u-can eat Southern BBQ buffet with all the church goers .
Bloke just treated for smoke inhalation lights up a cigarette . FireCall
McKenzie6 mine is too lol ironic 😳
Then there 're men who say `` I like curvy girls '' and in the end they choose the skinny one coherence
I thought that 's part of football , and the score what really matters 😂😂😂
Girl , 16 , dies of wounds suffered in attack on Jerusalem gay pride parade Israel is just like Iran it seems .
There is one than Alanis missed out on . ironic
Driving through a hailstorm while listening to halestorm
the is all of his workers he was trying to help will be out of work logic & gt ; emotion
Just visited the museum of communism in Prague . It is located inside a casino . And has a gift shop .
People on the dole are feckless workshy scroungers with no internal life . eg …irony
Mourinho moaning about Arsenal parking the bus via
Just the of this statement . Among the many questions in my head that until now remains…
Hazard has proven Mourinho right chale he is better than Rolando herh did you see his goal in today 's CommunityShield ?
waseemnazeer Prob is they wo n't accept or deny , things r quite evident without doubt
Ca n't wait to hear Christie ( again ) tell Trump2016 how to run a campaign , since the former at 3 % the latter at 20 % .
Alanis Morissette once wrote a song about something like this ironic
Mind explaining how the most defensive team managed 5shots on target against the best team ?
Staring over at Washington through a field of wheat 💙🌾🗻 lifeanalogies newhome bc
Told you there was a win in him : ) keepthefaith
bri you 're obviously not working hard enough - you 're job 's brilliant and you look happy ironic
the man calling others liars calls someone else puerile . That 's a whole new level of
`` Spooky silence '' Germany 's FAZ on NO Varoufakis interview today , anywhere ( after triple whammy during week )
Windows 10 is sponsoring the Pocono 400 today . I 'm expecting a lot of crashes . nascar
This dentist who killed Cecil the Lion needs his teeth yanking out .
My high score in Subway Surf be like so low . 😂 How ironic ? SubwaySurf LowHighScore ironic
So , if Tx & amp ; Fl are SO Godly , why are they being visited by plagues ? ROFL !
what architects builds the buildings & amp ; it 's supposed to b `` planned '' but the C did n't fit where it was supposed 2
Anyways , I move down there in 13 days . Today 's word of the day is :
I had an umbrella on the 2 days it was sunny . The day it rains I do n't have it
spends entire last day of summer doing math and reading ironic
IronyAm on a personal mission to recourse from a self inflicted wound . I will likely be absent from social ...
Some of the most breakthrough discoveries benefiting science were made at war time ww2
The Aquafina car hit the wall , and as it was being towed behind said wall , NBCSN went to a break ... with an Aquafina commercial in it .
I wish I could cash in on all the childhood naptimes I did n't take .
Totally love the of this shirt , so I had to get one too : ) feelinglikeacopycat bu…
Tweeting Bird Feeder has just followed me for the 5th time this week ! spambot
The same women who claim they do n't need a man are often the same women who are single and looking for a man . AskCheyB
DonaldTrump fires staffer , presumably for saying something inappropriate ( on Facebook ) . ironic
so you believed a proven altered video with an agenda and say I am believing a narrative
And opposite of that , Graham Rahal will effectively be in first . He may have just won this BECAUSE OF Karam . Ironic IndyCar Honda200
“ : The founder of match . com , lost his girlfriend to a man she met on match . com ” ironic
oilpainting Phalic Women drawings illustrations
... and you 're not shamelessly now causing controversy with this tweet in order to promote your new sad TV show ? ironic
return Patagonia to the natives . Argentina go home
Video : Black guy ( only ) escorted out of CPAC by police after white guy screams at him that Race Does n't Matter
Funny listening and to Mourinho saying Arsenal parked the bus hypocrite
Dundee makes me laugh
and Bean shares wisdom ! wisdom QuotesOfTheDay
D 604 the other person who blocked me a month before thought my joking comment was on the other side of this debate ironic
Only people you love can hurt you
`` I 'm guna break his arm '' then `` he 's breaking my arm ''
Wenger finally registered his first win against Mou on friendship day .
`` He saves it with his left hand , he saves it with his right ! And when we win the premier league we 'll sing this song al night ! ! '' AFC
People are only concerned about the 3 S's:1 ) Sex2 ) Stature3 ) Salary quotes life proverbs wisdom
Clay and Shelli were mad they were lied to LOL ironic BB17
maybe they realise that like yourself and Maj , people and organisations do change over time ironic
Yet still necessary to point it out in an article . 😄
Willie McGinest former Patriot just said 49ers look reloaded and is n't counting them out
I see what you did there
How to fight back against - seductive cultural force and perhaps “ the ethos of our age '' : a guide via
remember when I said I wanted to try vegan food .... 😏 imkiddingthough ironic
My friend `` Mamaberry '' recorded Ironic on SingSnap AlanisMorisette
Smh . Stabbed in Jerusalem !
The of it all .
No one on BBWLA is a wife besides crazy ass Jackie .... 😂😂😂
names people who expose their practice of killing babies , ripping them apart , and trafficking their body parts ... as extremists .
Reminded us this week that Truth is Stranger Than Fiction ironic SundayFunday
of our World today is that RichMan has more fruits in his Cosmetics than PoorMan , on his Plate . WorldWeLiveIn Compassion Love
ill body a cat over Buddha bruh !
As you take a selfie ... SocialRoadTrip
the reason I remember is I was taking off my piss stained leggings in the camp site as bitter sweet symphony played
is it weird I was singing `` I put a spell on you '' today ? ? ( Hocus Pocus Movie ) ironic
Love me a 100 yd dash at LosAl ! Makes for a good end to the weekend ! ... Also , the last weekend with no football .
The of an by ad before the Mets-Nationals game tonight after my area was in an outage last night . ComcastScares
the lead against stopandfrisk finds his self calling for an end to shootings within POC hoods in NYC at its best .
I 'm watching NHL network and they 're showing re-runs of the winter classic and the one they 're showing now is at Heinz Field
Nice one Kyle Petty .
I was going to wear this bow to the Atlanta concert 2 weeks ago but i could not find it till now
Everyone wants you but the person you want to want you ‼️ life ironic
I just saw a hobo that looked exactly like kanye west
Abuse of power is most prevalent where desire for open , transparent & amp ; honest dialogue is referred to as rebellion against authority . Ironic
My sister is in law field but calls me to polish a letter with a legal connotation . Now that 's
Guess which one I am .
Watching FamilyFued and a QA Director of a poultry company is playing ... ironic 👍🏻
except for Christie , apparently .
Did Mourinho really just complain about the gooners parking the bus ?
hitchBOT killed in USA , in city of `` brotherly love '' Philadelphia .
Caitlyn Jenner 's Conservative Views Create Tension In ' I Am Cait ' Teaser
I just got a texting & amp ; driving ticket because I screen SHOTTED 's retweet about the police & amp ; sent it to my cop friend
One you can easily quote wise men and people will appreciate it however one just quote Quran and Muhammad and people get offended .
Updating my song playlist with some old classic OPMs .. : ) ) ) ironic HAHAHAHA
tax 'reform ' summit . Hockey keynote & amp ; stars Big4 & amp ; bigwigs of tax avoidance fraternity
Haha Shelli trying to lecture James on what it means to keep your word BB17
Because : When you do things all by yourself , you can do whatever you want to do .. without arguing with anyone ! ironic truth life
I love that Shelli and Clay is trying to take the moral high ground . BB17
Mom : `` Those pants look GREAT with that top ! It 's like a whole beach-y look ! `` ..... as I 'm writing a beach bday scene . LifeImitatingArt
Conservative donor Koch urges end to corporate cronyism politics gop
imho : U.S. military spending $ B 's to protect a planet we 're rapidly killing . priorities Supporting Gaia , supports you .
Great way to express your doubt about someone 's verbal ability , Kirk : `` inability to conversate . '' BachelorInParadise
The same number of weeks he was the acting Saints head coach after Bountygate .
I just sneezed so hard that my back hurts . I usually just poo . Which means I improved my diet just in time for my body to go to shit
This is a favorite trope of the Israeli right against the Palestinian Authority . DoubleStandard
People complaining about Windows 10 privacy on Twitter and Facebook , that they access through their iPhones or get to through Google .
Pirates and Reds scuffle on field , then GABP hosts Faith and Family Night postgame Christian rock concert
ROFLMAO the is THICK
Room 101 at Seattle Galaticon15
SMYS No inspection has been done of possible damage to Line9 from FrostQuakes climate
amazing how the only people who are offended were n't aborted themselves .
chris How silly a statement . Grace is unmerited favor but you just said obedience merits grace ... LOL
That awkward moment when u are eating mcd 's in a train like a champ shirt hangover
Sitting in watching the film Blow on a Bank Holiday Sunday night . I 'm sure there is joke in there somewhere . teaandhotchoc
Cool-3 security dudes can take down 1 young woman chanting Harper Dictator.Cuz she 's not `` invited . '' elxn2015
Loving hearts NOLA style ironic NOLA iloveyourdumbface folkart rdarlingnola haleyh2003 @ 500 Dry…
Some folk comparing the lion getting shot to cows getting killed are amazing i bet they typed it while eating a burger
Bitdefender admits breach . May have had unencrypted passwords antivirus computersecurity computerforensics
& amp ; msm attack Conservs as `` rt . wing wackos . '' Now they 're saying `` is n't true Conservative . '' So they must luv him ?
So A rich old white man is funding Black lives matter . so using black people to push his socialist agenda is OK now ? WakeUpAmerica
who has a good meme ? who has a good ironic meme ? who has a good joke abput minions ?
one shameless girl who is accusing someone for spreading her legs that too w/o any proof is talking about my mind LOL
Yes indeed As robustly as he justified BJP 's tactic of holding Parliament to ransom when they were in opposition
From the publication that loves writing about the 'best ' sledges and from the country that spawned Warner ! ironic
Good read ironic what we care about most in this world -- - What Cecil the lion means to Zimbabwe
The head of Mahasangh is with management to oppress journalists .
loved the way u pronounced `` health purposes '' at the end ironic had a lot of swag to it , u are quite funny . Till tomorrow😀😀
Repost ・・・Hell 's Army Knives by Gigo victorinox SAK knifemods satire mockery ...
Loved blasting FSU in a `` hot take '' which immediately segued into a story featuring FSU and PB County great .
True Chairman trying to import TurkishTaxModel but fail to even provide service equaling Bangladesh
heathrowexpress usual Monday morning shit service I see . I have missed you Heathrow Express
seems like you 're complaining about people complaining .. ironic
I 'm in love with Hindi off late . I write in English.Third world problems of a third world human . : / fuxk !
I never forget to chew my fiber gummies in the morning . I do it while I take my morning shit . imgross butfunny
A manhunt is on for the man who killed CecilTheLion but noone speaks of those killing CecilTheLion 's Zimbabwe and its people .
i just posted a status saying that but yes I cherish these days because man do they go quick ! ThePinkprintTour
20150802 Leejonghyun Fanmeeting 2nd 이종현 Pls do not re-upload via
BT Sport red-faced after problems hit Community Shield online and app via Ironic LackOfBandwidth
Too bad it 's us `` Artsy Craftsy '' ppl who make your commercials.Talk about and hypocrites .
And now , Texas might be lacking its own AttorneyGeneral , given recent felony indictment.ironic
alhasawi1 u look like a toff hunter in ur pic ! 😂😂 ironic
After slaughtering 54,000 political workers in Bengal , CPM says its against death penalty .
Why do people say `` no offence '' right before they 're about to offend you ? ! ironic
My small claim to fame is that I have been on small claims court corner
There 's no reception in Harris Farm Broadway , but the loyalty card is a now unaccessible barcode they emailed to me . curiouscuts
If socialmedia gets its way , a rich white man will be rounded up and dragged to Africa against his will ! Cecilthelion reparations
I love when sleeping pills say `` may cause drowsiness '' on the bottle . INSOMNIA
Can we just talk about how I 'm a Leo and I 'm wearing this shirt right now ? freaky ironic
Note to self : you are entering a 48 hour anxiety cycle . You know this , it 's a familiar pattern . Stay off social media .
I swear these Confederate flag lames love Jordan 's more than Blk folks due lol ¯\ ( ツ ) /¯ StoneMountain
The supreme of life is that hardly anyone gets out alive out of that . of life .
Osborne also waves to sap with thankless taskwonders whether he/she is on unpaid `` internship '' irony
It 's coming up quick dude ! Only 21 more days 😂💥😎🍻
Lol @ my score ironic
Would this qualify as ?
Listening to a playlist of rain/thunderstorm sounds as it rains and thunderstorms outside ironic
Wow LIVE is so soooo beautiful ! ! Only thing missing is give him that acoustic and it would be perfect ! !
Porn sites getting banned in the land of Khajuraho and Kamasutra !
india Just when I start my diet Dominos sends a Buy1Get1 offer : ( dietisnotmyfriend HateYouMurphy
I think you are happier right now . Sad to say . ironic
“ : Wait .. Is Shaunie , Tami , and Evelyn on this show to check these girls for BULLYING ? ! ? This is a joke right BBWLA ” ironic 😐
Oh the southpark
Naxalites in Nagpur jail , whose singular manifesto is bloody revolution , went on a hunger strike protesting death sentence of Memon .
Quite accurate really . Ironic auspol
Just saw two dudes running across Gay St holding hands Lmbo
Let it be known : America wants junk food , but quality junk food .
God said , 'you have not because you ask not ' . Man says , 'you ca n't have because you asked ! ' wisdom
no sign of any supporters for the open training session ...
Commentator says Smash 4 is a dead game while he is currently commentating Project M. Roflirony
keown also talking about the need for respect after the game win or lose last night ironic
.gunsense deaththreat ironySadly that 's one of the typical controlfreaks momsdemand attracts .
Remember today is the Scottish 'Summer Bank Holiday ' is that banks remain open . Scottishpound
WTF man , i thought speedrunning was serious business ? Stop having fun !
If a tree dies in a cemetery , it gets dug up and hauled away .
ironyMy mobile order ( online shopping ) gets cancelled just because website team contacted me n I dont have mobile : P myfunnylife
I 'm TOLD by most Americans that my is not sarcasm , where Brits laugh even w/o knowing my American ass
`` I expected , like , inability to conversate '' says Kirk , about Ashley S BIP BachelorInParadise
When is an ayslum not an asylum ? When it 's one run by the Express DailyExpress laughORcry noway
We can elect government but not what we want to do ? PornBan
Kira is the Fox but ... Theo acting like one .... Never trust a Fox ! TeenWolf theoteenwolf wtf
I would love to be able to call you
i be trying to make sure i 'm not too tall haha
And is n't it ironic , do n't you think ? ( ... ) life ironic yolo me fuelavida love
Fuck you , Indian Government , for blocking the porn sites ! porn censorship illegal
Repost theblackox・・・Hell 's Army Knives by Gigo victorinox SAK knifemods satire mockery…
Best part of John Oliver on Dailyshow is that there 's clearly 0 F 's given to his hair game . Yet Hayes loved him . JonVoyage
OhhMee all them black women with straight hair complaining ?
How can someone with corruption allegation cases talks about corruption ?
The new tone ! SJWs tweeting DEATH to white people . That 's a whole lot of taxpayers so who will pay for all the free stuff you want ?
Red or rad ? 😉McLife BlueMonday style women fashion longweekend red prints black…
path Is n't it Ironic that the PATH never REALLY makes SENSE until you have completed it . U Look back and GO Ahhh I get it NOW peace
FRIENDINYOURPOCKET SAYS .... HOPENATION HARVESTTIME2015TOOFUNNY KARMA IRONYGOT TO LOVE THE THAT MOST ...
Bloodless Medicine : Our Staff | Allegheny Health Network Dr Seski , bloodless medicine slaughters mercilessly
the Telegraph have rewritten/copied/pasted large chunks of the Medium post , thereby getting the clicks for themselves .
Chancery Lane branch of Natwest is currently playing 'leaders of the free world ' by isthiswhatismeantbymeta
For dinner tonight , let 's all mourn the loss of CecilTheLion while we eat BetsyTheCow . huh ? hypocrisy
any Sindhi intellectuals reaction for GA Sind and Al Zulfaqar ? SonOfSoil or traitors Palijo is intellectual such an
Gon na be time to get up , get ready and go to the library downtown ... Fun day ahead ! fuckthispaper
: $ 300 An Hr Animal Medium : CecilTheLion Upset By Human Greed
The end of the Beginning , is The Beginning of the End.GENESIS revelation Ironic
He should have been wearing the white guy `` FYBU '' sneakers . For Y'all By Us .
Kind of amusing in its ingenuousness : via
Shelli REALLY does n't like betraying Judas , it makes her guts queasy . bb17
Breakdown needing some assistance at breakdown ironic calltheAA UK
ERDoc your ortho doc is named dr Foote ?
“ I ’ m pivoting my technical debt ! ” agile2015
Oh ! I did n't knew that friendlies will gave us community shield
I lost many close friend because of Twitter .
Democracy is essential to speak against it paradox oxymoron
People who go on a crash course to learn to drive ! Ironic
In my car talking on the phone , at a red light , an older man pulls into the oncoming traffic lane to yell at me about my phone
. lots of cars with cycle racks on streets adjacent to FreeRide on Saturday . Drive to safer roads Ironic
This highlights a temporarily openaccess article about public engagement and academic relevance . ironic
The Government of India is implenting Section 69 to ban porn . 😂😂😂😂
IronyTrump `` Look Nunberg . You 're fired . We ca n't have any racists on this campaign team . '' 3AMHumor
I have a dusty vacuum cleaner . hoover
Chris Christie announces he 's transgender , to be known as Christine . Now assured of a spot in poll-driven debate lineup .
This book is really interesting and I 'm posting an ego bashing thing on social media counterproductive ?
The amount of times I have stepped onto the scales to weigh myself while eating some chocolate is actually ridiculous ironic lovechocolate
Messaging is important . That 's why we 've had to put up with 10 weeks of politics on qanda before getting the science show
Biking to the dmv to get my drivers license renewed ironic
NextBanIdea Ban girls who madly love ( most romantic movies ) and say tht they wo n't believe in love . They never get feelings .
My call dropped as I was on the phone with operator about my service .
We spend so much time rushing to be adults , but in the end , when we 're old , we end up being childlike .
Its all about that bandwagon , im sure people were tucking into there steak whilst piping up on the issue
I 'm taken back to that day when I endured being called a bigoted man by endless TERFs - now its turn of Tories to call me a bigot .
well ... It was windy ... Did n't want tent to blow away while empty or just tip sideways & amp ; get everything inside wet
Funny the attack migrants for supposedly being a burden on the taxpayer when their owner is French for tax purposes
My work life since 3 months & lt ; 3
So this is why Norway , England , Wales are overrun by gangs , looting , civil unrest guncontrol
they decline so many events compared to other top teams . now an event declines to invite them , and they 're mad .
do n't you think is a little antisocial
Some asshat robbed a gun shop in my area .
Listening to jade helm in TX , see a tea party redneck wearing a tshirt w/2 guns on the back . Trying not 2 lol and failing
you ca n't change a tire but does ad for Autozone .
Kill It to Save It | PandaLeaks trophyhunting Africa WWFAfrica
You can always pick out insecure people . The people who try and act like they have it all together are usually the biggest messes .
emailed chandlers a wk ago to order new outboard , they never replied , when I called they said they were at a show to drum up business
For a guy who has used windows all his life , this strikes as a funny conversation .
An Australian woman on $ 5 note was replaced by the Queen of England . Her name , Caroline Chisholme .
`` Road to hell '' playing in dentist waiting room ! thanks for the lift ! 😂
Geekycon and AG General Council are both at the Orlando Convention Center . FAF toomanyjokes AG
Driving 697 Miles to a place I ca n't call home anymore .
ironic and cool that France is the biggest consumer of aboriginal art
... if , when , that does n't work then pee yourself because , you know , icky ! smh
Queen Philippa of Hainault saved lives of Burghers of Calais , pleading with Edward III refugees immigrants
Not politically correct but amusing to me that my iPhone just autocorrected `` Hamptons '' to `` ha morons '' ironic NYC haha iPhone funnies
The Catholic church does the same thing but with actual persons not tissue.This man claims he 's Catholic .
ai n't that the truth . TruthtruthTRUTH
The news that some of Bin Laden 's relatives died in a plane crash has puzzled me . Not sure how to process it.irony news confused karma
LebanOFF because we are too cool to have electricity idiots
Seeing all the complaints about sunscreen . This weekend was 1st time I used something else ( cough badger ) and we got burnt . ironic
Ladies & amp ; gentleman I introduce you to Gary , the bigoted anti-bigotry protestor .
The - 4 days later BT are still too busy to answer the phone ! ! Ca n't get hold of any department . poorcustomerservice letmego !
Crazy how death row inmates can have anything they want for their last meal . Some shit us law abiding citizens ca n't even afford .
want the plaque , hate attending award ceremony
The Of Seeking Success - Forbes
What could be more ironical than banning porn in the country which gave birth to kamasutra ! PornBan
part time job lol a negro bed wench trying to insult
One eurozone country ( Germany ) is far more exposed to a Chinese economic meltdown than any other eufinance
Donald Trump says what many feel , his poll numbers reflect this . Social media 's dark side . smh 1984
It is impossible to refuse to decideirony
I 've been on the website for THREE minutes and I 've already had THREE pop ups asking if I need help ! GO AWAY ! ironic nothelpful
Why is it that fear , feels so good ? ? ? ?
NOAH : Dad , why does n't that clock work ? ME : It does work , son . This is the place that time stands still.irony DMV
The newest iMacs have no optical drive , but they come with a keyboard that has an eject key . apple
My London Fog ironic
`` I just don ’ t know how they take that seriously . ”
All the people brutally killing animals , it 's a shame somebody did n't shoot a harpoon through their own mothers is n't it
When the lights go out in a PG & amp ; E room Awkward Ironic
FYI Alanis Morissette , THIS is ironicBigBrother 1984 Orwell
Why is it when you see a car with an I heart Jesus bumper sticker on it , the driver drives like their anxious to meet him ?
AND just where and how does NYC get its power ? RacingToThe1800s
Spend so long wanting independence now I need someone els to tell me what to do with my life 😖 ironic toomanydecisions adultlife
And most of them are located right next to mansions ... ironyLateisbetterthannever for folk w/less $ , clout , +POC
Complaining about stupid people . Wants to deport people from ... the world ... ?
If I was a mermaid these would definitely be my shoes of choice ironic
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence , and then success is sure . ~ Mark Twain frustrated quotes
Has n't 50 Cent filed for bankruptcy like 3 times already ?
Congress blaming BJP of imposing EMERGENCY Karma BlackDayForIndianDemocracy
Woah , Simmons is going a little off the rails here , rambling about terminating alien plagues & amp ; horrors ... to Skye AgentsofSHIELD
Neither is a goal and needs to be stopped . Some days I wish my body was n't as apparent when I wear a skirt or dress . : /
Kosher salt on pork belly !
Believers never see the in lowly humans defending the honor what they believe created the entire ...
Eating some amazing Hypnotic donuts at while others are running & amp ; cycling . Dallas food
Drinking English breakfast tea out of my freedom trail mug from Boston ...
Of course 😉 Gabby is the best thing since sliced bread ... In fact , he 's better than bread itself ! ! ironic
wow , guy who would happily cross a picket line claims others `` just think about themselves ''
pornBan just before 69th Independence Day : P
Oh TCC ... I 'll proofread when you proofread . youhaveaPhDinEnglish
More media blackout with . Glad to see talking about Biden ... with no mention of
. ironyAnd what , prey tell , might you be solving with that quote , good sir ? ; - )
says the person spending time tweeting her
But it was OK when was playing step mom to all 6 billion of futures kids
CleanPowerPlan 2030 modeling suggests US `` all of the above '' energy mix - same official position held by
The land of Kamasutra , Thinks Porn is bad . pornban india
That is a little on the nose , is n't it ? ironic
69th Independent Year and Porn banned .
I bet it kills College to be a Liberal Arts college , in an era when the popular context of `` Liberal '' means what it does .
On one hand , Im weighing my food . On the other hand , its fried & amp ; battered chicken . chicken protein
While the world is closing its doors on the 'dirtiest fuel ' , the golden era for CoalIndia has just begun !
Brilliant 😂 ncfc
Some bigots who believe that terrorism has everything to do with Islam , also believe that Caste system has nothing to do with Hinduism
Girl askd where mace was cuz she needed 2 protect herself from her bf.I said I dunno I carry a gun.She lookd at me like I was evil.irony
Some of those KKK members at the rally had FUBU gear on ironic
Just got cut off on the interstate by a truck that said `` Casket Co. '' on the side lol
So when are we burning that filthy , illicit and obscene book called Kama Sutra ? Oh wait , we made a temple about that . : /
After Ukraine fascists narrative Pravda.ru proudly gives you a new narrative : Ukraine Islamo-fascists !
Yay it came ! Oh wait ...
The Shell car is running out of gas ? ? NASCAR Pocono
Are Palestinians eligible ? Israel
Whining about how rubbish Virgin media is then find this on today 's timehop👍🏼 ironic
Kosher salt on pork belly !
If you are expelled you ca n't really boycott an institution . GoldenDayForIndianDemocracy
I love that Telecom is on this list
veritable pastiche : The Update Desk : Medical Progress PlannedParenthood Congress healthcare
What a way to determine if a player is leaving or staying
Should I be surprised That a milk tea from a placed called Monster made my stomachs upset ?
Porn sites banned in the land of Kamasutra . PornBan
Porn banned today and Hand ✋ ( congress ) losses control .
LebanOFF because billions of dollars are n't enough . They needed to steal more ! ! idiots
PornBan NextBanIdea Porn Banned in the `` Land of the KAMASUTRA '' 😂😂😂😂😂
There 's something inherently wrong with emailing advertisements to married women . noashleymadison
`` Don ’ t rush you work ''
So , people like me who actually want to work are passed over for people who get hired and then do n't want to work ! SMDH
Tom Hayes taken to prison in a van owned by a company that repaid 69m for tagging dead people .
Yes , I posted this story from a few different News Orgs , It Is Ironic DWS Did that Interview on MSNBC Too ! BigTent tcot
It 's sad to see that people claim that they are not stereotypes yet they judge a group of people based on one person
I went straight to working because I did n't wannago to college now that I 'm working I want to go to college .. ironic
Even though I hate milk ironic
How about them circumstances ChaosNationEmpire
btw is the official vehicle of the Canadian Football League
Death of a Diploma Mill : University of Phoenix Going Down in Flames ? -- Ironic
Funny thing is that it is delayed .
Just witnessed a woman wearing running shoes and track pants take the lift up to the 2nd floor .
A democrat said that ?
Listening to song Ca n't Repeat on repeat one ( per my six-year old 's request ) !
Koch-backed GOP candidates to hold `` VotersFirst '' town hall tonight .
lol yesterday a fuckboy told me to `` stop thinking about fuckboys '' ironic
While looking for senior picture ideas for a client , one of the top Google searches was unique senior picture ideas . howunique
On a corner in BedStuy TheCornerGrind tdrbk
👻🏀 '' Irony x 1,000 '' lol 🏀👻 mixed michaeljordan kkk dumbass fail lol jordan
It 's laughable for someone to watch that game transpire and think it was handled correctly by the umpires .
Amy .. beautifully shot , in no way objective . Depicts a girl plagued by unwanted media attention , by making a feature film about her ! ?
the stuff Dems imagine , in their wildest dreams , that Republicans do .... these criminals are ACTUALLY doing
I hope Meek Mill finds 's blackberry with the side scroll .....
I actually LOL 'd when I got to the `` oh-so-childish/unhinged/ridiculous '' bit
This is the same jimoh Ibrahim , papa brought to covenant university to teach us how to make wealth ironic
Some good insight . I would , however , drink hot chocolate for this . debate
Cluckk And to think , just a month or so ago , the editorial board made ironic claim institutional racism no longer exists .
Almost got hit by the Geico insurance car . ironic atleastiknowiwouldvegotpaid
Online banking security is kind of like putting 8 padlocks on your front door when the real threat is a nuclear bomb . security
When the shit ur trying to avoid just smacks u in the face all day .
Washington DC residents have no representation in congress . But folks come here to protest about freeing Tibet . DCStatehood
This is photo of the barbershop I lived above for 12 years . It is now hanging at the MOMA . artistresidence
you can hide your friends list on fb from me but when they all LIKE yr posts i find them anyway bit ironic
`` It makes no sense for ... politicians to be able to ignore the law & amp ; choose which ones they want to enforce . ''
Dad just stole a sign with a bible verse on it
Coke-Busted GOP Congressman Just Voted to Drug-Test Food Stamp Users tcot hypocrisy
👉 👈Thank U 4 blocking me , even though Keith & amp ; I were friends & amp ; I 'm a big supporter of his art ! Prude
That moment when I stumble upon the movie that played when I touched my first dick . ItWasEllaEnchantedBTW Ironic IWasNotEnchanted
Lol . All these girls trippin over a joke about Blacc women tha same ones who 100 % African American lyin sayin they mixed breeds .
I ’ m Quitting Social Media to Learn What I Actually Like via How ironic is this retweet ... lol
Me : `` boys , quit wrestling or you have to go straight to bed ! '' Emily : `` because you want them in bed so you can watch wrestling '' Raw
A typewriter at a tech company ? The is n't lost on us ...
Abandoned greenhouse being reclaimed by nature ... irony
Charles Koch Calls for the End of `` Corporate Cronyism , '' Confusingly election2016
I had watermelon tacos on NationalWatermelonDay from tonight . I had no idea there was such a day . ironic
defunding would mean more unplanned pregnancies and more abortions . I like to call that ( I also call it stupid ) StandwithPP
huddleston To treasure ever life & amp ; then support a candidate that is unapologetically racist is the ultimate StandwithPP
with all the clean Natural Gas we produce in OK one would think our AG would stop defending coal interest .
Fun Fun Fun ! jaws sharkweek funy guts comedy
Smh story of my life as a kid .... weird that I 'm 24 now and now I look like a kid dfl
Beyond fear , the heart of what often separates people can be that which we have most in common . deepthoughts berlin walls
Evading war , poverty and persecution and ending up in Toxteth calaismigrants
Says the gullible fucking moron who thinks `` baby parts '' are sold and that the President is the anti-Christ .
and hilarity ensues !
I have to READ my debit card number , security code , SSN , name , address OUT LOUD ( on a train ) to fraud dept to prove ID ? !
Look at that : a error . I missed it . A few days w/o a glitch was just too long . rant badSoftware
ITS NATIONAL WATERMELON DAY AND TWO DAYS AGO I FOUND OUT IM NOW INTOLERANT TO WATERMELON 💔💔💔🍉🍉🍉
And if I had n't run out of characters that last tweet would have had the hashtag on the end of it .
so many spammy emails from this mental health workshop I 'm going to tomorrow that it 's affecting my mental health
`` No child left behind '' is super Ironic because it leave millions of children behind by dragging everyone down to the pace of slowest child .
seems like something would do . ironic
I was listening to Pandora when Storm Warning came on , next second it started raining ironic
oh my gosh 😂😂😂 ironic
apparently hp support assistant still works
You know when you tell yourself that it ca n't get worse , then life surprises you when it does
Oh hai Jesus you 're weed now cannabis heals just like the lord ironic 🙏🌿
I know we 're so active .. ironic
Taking a cab while my Uber app is updating
ProVerb IronyTheReadTapeThisMelinaCanSingHipHop `` Is it only the ...
I almost feel sorry for the poor sod who smugly told me I missed the point of a tweet when actually they missed the point of my reply
That moment when ca n't deliver a package to a FedEx office
I was wondering what to pick up for drinks with dinner tonight - SteveFM just started playing red red wine delicious yesplease
Kind of ironic that the road markings outside schools actually increase the stopping distance of your car when the paint is wetRoadSafety
Life has a funny way of creeping up on you ironic Alanis
And then they 'll throw on `` charged up '' when everyone 's turning down
it 's ironic that the biggest risk we take is just living as who we are ; that really should n't be a risk at all .
. How to increase abortions ? Defund the country 's largest provider of contraception and family planning services .
just like homosexuality , makes no sense for apes to `` evolve '' to this .
Snapchat is n't for people like us . ironic wink wink : P : P : P
aaptards ironyThis is AAP for You ... ! ! By
More traffic snarls near Gargi JMC LSR are coz of guys than the girls studying here . is stuck here N not Vrindavan ; )
Training performers with nowhere to perform
The `` Food Babe '' makes money off the very things she warns against . pseudoscience
THE FUNNY THING IS DRAKE IS MAKING FUN OF MEEK WITH MEMES/JOKES CREATED FROM OTHER PEOPLE OTHER THAN HIMSELF
Watching How I met your mother .... IwishIcouldTellSomeone
people did n't give a flying fuck about lyrics & amp ; who wrote them , now everything got ta be authentic ? How you apart of the FutureHive
Inspirational to everyone around her .... ! ! ! ironic classy cool totheground classic instaphoto…
Go ahead and hate on you have that in common with teabaggers and Islamists .
And yet ... '' Progress '' the is exact OPPOSITE of what America has experienced the past almost eight years .
PornBan in India before the `` 69 '' th Independence anniversary .. 😱😂
except my mom missed the bit about parents and technology because she was on her laptop ironic
I think you intended to write `` law school '' . ironic 😉
The of me being called a groupie lol .... me ... of all people ... You have no idea ... and you wo n't ever know ...
Drake is dissing Meek all night with memes written by other people .
try again ? I specifically said `` the is ... '' because , unfortunately , it should be easier for the right
you would be the one to put something gay lol ironic RT
a pm taking away all our freedom wishes the a happy birthday who suported gay rights
Hate-love relationship with caffeine 😁🙈
Its gon na be 69 Independence Day and we are banning Porn ! ! PornBan पोर्न बैन
Heauxz calling each other heauxz yo insult them LHHATL
tipsfornewdocs 5 . Ensure you get plenty of sleep ; life as a Dr is exhausting so do n't sit on Twitter until the early hours . ironic
My life has come to this . LaughDontLaugh
If I 'm more mindful lately , it 's because of my new 'adult ' coloring book . Which I bought at a toy store .
to this day ... I still recite the line and laugh ...
The US , which imposed sanctions on India , will take India 's help to launch one of its satellites soon . isro space
Just had way too real of a dream ... Also is a microwave like a goldmine for a nuclear apocalypse ? Just wondering
I was going to `` Favorite '' this reynolds tweet , only to find that '' You are blocked from…viewing reynolds 's Tweets . `` Ironic
Says the person defending biblical slavery .
My expectations let me down . Ironic
ironic that I am a loud proclaimer of the good of dentistry , yet have massive fear to get my own teeth cleaned ... finallymademyappt
I 'm not gon na point out the of poor being destroyed in the `` city of brotherly love '' Philadelphia
here I am reading about this on a screen 😐
My friend threw an inflatable Jesus doll onto a boat called the YOLO ... jesus yolo
She got him back with a punch in the face . TeenWolf
Clay to Vanessa : `` whoever the power , they just sit there and do what they want '' bb17
Need Witnesses Facts References which PTI failed to produce
But the social worker in me wants to inflict change as well .
You 'd think Liberals were paid by the pound for
I love how the people who are devastated about the Lansdowne closing down are the people who had n't been to a gig there in years .
Also I think you mean : `` nobody wants to text your retarded ass '' instead of `` want a '' . ironic
banning of porn during India 's 69 th Independence 😜
Just watched a Land Rover with a `` ride bikes , save earth '' bumper sticker pull out of a compact parking spot .
It 's like an Alanis Morissett song ironic
Airtel is launching 4G and BJPis banning Porn : -P : -D
Watching the latest episode of TheBrink and realizing how funny international relations can be !
Don ’ t use bullet points , they make the most boring presentations ever.-Lecturer while presenting lecture slide of many bullet pointsirony
Somebody should 've blocked the steps up to the stage with traffic when Christie tried to get up there . VotersFirst
& amp ; it 's the Tories who always bang on about self reliance .
Walking home without headphones so I 'm blasting my classic punk music while in American idiot hair/makeup ironic methodacting
Every Time I See Someone That Writes Like This I 'm Just Like .. Really u took the time to do all that
Amazing that if you dare talk about men 's orgasms as central to the demand to buy sex , you 're labelled a prude
You love me but I do n't love you , I love him but he does not love me ironic
Oh , tomorrow is SNSD 's 8th anniversary . 8 members , 8 years . lol ironic
CBC get a $ 1.2 BILLION subsidy + they R watching how the govt is spending their/our money . Hypocrite CPC
An ad for republicans came on before a video about privilege
The of our generation 'before eating food we upload the picture on Instagram/Facebook instead of saying 'Bismillah ' ! !
This time its porn ... next food porn ... fuck Masterchef NextBanIdea
I bet Louisiana is pretty damn grateful it had the ability to make that choice . theydontgetit
Incredible that am reading about a Twitter News tab .. on at a blog
dalton went up in flames , the students wear BLAZErs
do you even know the answer to this question ?
Seems lik my LM batchmates are taking more Lit electives than well , Lit majors .
you hate soccer and love pitching duels
KKK guy in FUBU shoes is pure gold ! He ca n't grasp the irony !
Also implied Donaldson tipped pitches . Volquez was busted for PED 's in 2010 . BlueJays
Respect , integrity , communication , and excellence were Enron corporate values .
Says the Swearing Donkey ; - ) Irony
We live in times where absolute equality is demanded , and yet sometimes animals are more equal than some of our fellow human beings .
Might be overused here , but funny nonetheless . It 's going to be the 69th IndependenceDay and we are banning porn ! PornBan
The last drinks do I went to of the British Geriatric Society was at Brum Museum fossil department somanyjokes
This happened here in the US in Salem . In fact before then Christians did this as often as we watch
I 've been considered one my whole life ... But you know what 's ironic is that now weird is the new…
you quote a Racistbastard ; who Hated everything Indian
Its like 10000 spoons when all ya need is a knife ironic
Regram This is what I like to call ironic .... iTunes tech music solangeknowsit by dondrak
Demotivation 's abundant . fact It 's something which ca n't be extinct eventhough human do ! trytomotivate
Sometimes saying your opinion out is not a good decision . Obedience is the key , as what their ancestors say
Google searching for ' X antonym ' and the normally very clever semantic search is highlighting the word 'synonym ' in search results ...
Our independence turned 69 and porn is banned
Today 's office accessory because 😐
Was planning on going to the London mayoral hustings tomorrow but there 's a tubestrike . Ironic CudnaMekItUp
Yesterday you were going to prepare test n announced to left twitter .. Lol
Authorised officers walking between carriages in motion on Sandy line , despite signs not to & amp ; penalties official
Just fell in love with the man who served me in Specsavers . Was n't wearing my glasses though shouldhavegonetospecsavers
Another UNid AFR station heard , on 89.5 . TOH `` newscast '' with piece on Craig `` SMU '' James and his lawsuit against FoxSports . fmdx
When someone very rude and disrespectful tells me , a respectful person , that I really need to be more respectful….Um , excuse me… ? No
How could kamran khan 's show be معتبر , after all that went down ironic
Oh I 'm sure it 's a smile . Not long ago I saw the PM smile the same way in a radio interview .
I started playing epic win , and thought it was ... epic ! But then I got too lazy to log my progress !
Everyone 's wondering ... but it 's no one 's business
`` If you serve a politician 's ideological agenda , you are a propagandist ! '' - a Fox News talking head .
When I did a fresh install of Windows 10 I could n't use the Windows 8 product key . called Microsoft Windows
sport participator nos falling . I would love to do more sport but can not get the drugs
I hate technology ( I grumble as I tweet out on my iPhone after shutting off my PC ) fml
called India Prayers for a Rape and Murder accused . AsaramDelhi
Do you understand the of your own tweet you fool ? ... and yes , I am permitted to say that after you abused me
Pope to lead Havana mass next to Che Guevara portrait via | alert , people of Cuba suffer ccot
Dove Haha- Clearly U autoFavorite posts . badIdea cheapTrick 2 get people to follow U. followFirst and we 'll C .
An overweight/fat doctor should never be a 'health specialist ' . doctors fatpeople
It 's gon na be the 69th year of independence and we are banning porn PornBan NextBanIdea India
Very few startups in manufacturing ! Everyone busy making apps ! We feel good about MakeInIndia campaign . ironic
Liking something does n't make it disappear ! Like my post ? ironic SadButTrue
Of course this song comes on this morning . onlyexception
The message after yours advises me to ready myself for a movie about Pez ( candy ) dispensers , so yeah , maybe .
Skysports celebrate heritage of Mansfield having oldest football ground in world by unveilling a plaque with One Call stadium on it
Its going to be the 69th independence day and we are banning porn
Listening to a song called Sunshine ... wearing shorts ... whilst it rains ... In August 😩 BritishSummer
There are one or two tiny minor issues that need clarification !
Did Will-King-Of-Over-Explaining-Sasso just tell someone to get to the point ?
in a country tryin to stop crimes against women by banning porn , rape accused godman is named saint !
HandlosFact no.21 : David is so modest and humble , he thinks someone should build a statue in his honor .
Anti- opens up , I engage , then cries gamergate
just been blocked by one of your trolls who berates you for blocking people who do n't agree with you ironic victory
Turns out the best environmentally friendly cleaner for stainless steel is elbow grease goodtimes bummer whoknew
Latest email from ironic considering no coverage for at least 30 hrs . Secret to business success = Technology .
Have reached the point where the guilt induced anxiety of avoidance is beginning to overtake the anxiety of doing the actual thing .
It 's funny when passengers deepthroat a banana , especially when they call themselves
Like i dont understand how people are able to follow someone who is fighting someone corrupt kanti themselves are corrupt
PT LOL , as if ive just heard a personal trainer call someone a `` skinny twat ''
atlanta why do GOP or righttolife advocates only care about fetus not humanBeing ?
Now people will use HideMyAss to see Ass .. 😹Irony PornBan
Armed robbers who raided off licence caught celebrating their crime in Coventry pub
Offering prayer 5 times a day is what we are supposed to do and most of us do n't while We tweet about Islam 50 times a day
“ : Nikkei report : Bad things happening at Konami Konami ” But is productivity up ?
You only need to get 33.8 % of the answers correct in new Maths higher to get a C grade .
Ironic Rage of the Bots ? RT : Define
Getting lost on the website . ironic
Obama announces sweeping carbon emission cuts . U.S media largely ignores , leading on floods & amp ; bush fire blazes
Sadly haters never leave us alone . They have a lot of free time because they 're not trying to attain greatness . ironic
u ruined urself ... what a loss ! fatal destruction ironic
The rich are vilified , yet articles on building successful careers & amp ; businesses ( i.e . getting rich ) are limitless .
Only 13 % of African cultures kiss romantically . We are simply not about that life . germs via
proof . Eating well may kill me .
BlackDayForDemocracy sez d DaughterInLaw of a Congress Leader hu crushed civil liberties n imposed Emergency due 2 her lust 4 Power
sliced my thumb open trying to open a box of knives
Watching vlogs about getting fit and healthy instead of eating well and doing some exercise ironic lazymuch
Oh the : P pornban in india Was it intentional .. ; ) o.O
Well , my meter just blew up ... ~SamLibertyAboveAll Confederate GeneralLee
Looking back can be painful , Looking ahead can bring fearThe only peace to be found is in the now , and here.👊🏿 XIVjust poetic
Never was invited to the cool table but now them same cool kids tryna sit with me . ironic
Smoking inside a smart car ..... ironic
Did you click the link Alan ?
Um , does campaign not know that Reagan 's `` there you go , again '' line was a debate retort to rehashed attack by opponent ?
it was the lowest turn out in the whole country at 85 % . ironic
build the pipeline , force them to let go their crops , takes their water resource so that we can wash our car beresponsible
It 's gon na be the 69th Independence Day ... and we are banning porn 😓Irony
ir And yet you find the need to remind us.On a US media platform.Irony
I feel it 's ironic that we at first could n't get the shower to work and then I could n't get it to stop .. Good thing Twin fixed it myhero
Did n't she say she was n't racist and called out that other lady from fashion police 🐸☕️
lol the ppl in front of me nosugarpls
The ‘ Food Babe ’ : A Taste of Her Own Medicine pseudoscience
Look who made it on to Who Wants to be a Millionaire in form of a rather interesting question !
What slowed my productivity this am ? I found an account on Instagrm of a lady who rehabs sloths . amazing sloth no easilydistracted
not worth a dime ? bankrupt
While those of us who stayed out of prison continue to drown in student loan debit . ironic
I do n't mean to make light of the situation , but ca n't overlook that the apartment is on Highwater Road . tampaflood
I 'm ordering my pair today ! Im ironic ly Replacing the one broken from a CORONA Bottle .teeth…
Hence died 100 times out of shame ! ! ! ! ! !
Nevers that last forever
is that Vermont means green mountain in French mepolitics stupidburns
Surreal watching Greek Evng News cover TopStory ... Puerto Rico financial crisis greece puertorico ICYMI :
Pornography gets banned in India . And Asaram is declared a 'saint ' ? ? ? ? '' of this country .. NextBanIdea
Sure , there are plenty . Here 's a `` street art '' program that took over train cars in NYC
RT : Not on Twitter ? Then come to our Twitter 101 session , Room 142 1:50 pm . bles15 cc :
Bro , do u even grammar ?
`` Mainstream TV may better reflect the current and future demographics of America than its new-media darling . ''
Joe part of the Gruber stupid party : / outoftouch elitist talking @ helping those who PLAY BY THE RULES-RICH
GOOD lecturing is good . BAD lecturing is BAAAAAAAD . But bad lecturers seldom think they 're bad .
Just got an email from Oxford University Press asking me if I 'll be at AEJMC . ironic
And you 're wasting your time tweeting about how they are wasting their time covering it so what does that make you ?
THE WORLD REALLY HAS A WICKED AND WEIRD SENSE OF HUMOR ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Handicapped BlackCats
For someone who likes to talk a lot , I sure hate getting on the phones at work .
Listening to people argue over GunControl makes me want to shoot myself and everyone around me
why you hating on the haters ? Let them do their thing
2 ) do n't have the same ( and more ! ) outrage when babies and many many other lives are slaughtered due to gun violence
We will be celebrating 69th independence day , and we are banning Work . ending
selling Christmas decorations in August has got to be one of the best PR/marketing stunts of the year . Lap it up , peopleirony
Current things .. 😂 RaphaelSbarge CurrieGraham MurderInTheFirst
Wow . Lots of fear-mongering about privacy on Windows 10 . Being posted on Facebook .
I think that 's called
definition- at the end of 2016 when will be making smartphones again and will not be
jordan bit rich that fella
I know . And then they claim they 're not racist .
Small potato harvest a success ! 😀 🍃 🌱 GrowYourOwn gardening veggies Will be self sufficient in no time ! 😅
Anyone else notice random 'unfollows ' from both Following and Followers lists ? Twitter with a mind of its own ? ironic : - )
The of `` I do n't mean to be racist but ... '' everything comes after that sentence is racist .
Yakub would have been alive and perhaps out ofprison had he agreed to plead guilty and turn approver .
Trying a few of his other books while flying palahniuk
Waking up because Fi ca n't sleep . Now Fi 's asleep & amp ; I 'm wide awake MurphysLaw
Why do users of Windows machines always seem to have so many problems with Skype ?
lit just looked at this on Google with Eric going `` would n't it be mad if he saw that ''
Its like raaaaaiiiaann on your wedding day , Its the free ride when you 've already paid . ironic
Ca n't tell you how many convos over beer w/ other dev workers where we catch ourselves bemoaning rural alcohol spending .
Sun bath with a view of ski mountains
I do n't get brain weasels . Writers talking about brain weasels all the time makes me feel weird , like maybe I 'm not a real writer .
I ca n't decide ifI 'm really comfortable withAmbiguity.decisions paradox haiku
3 hour long power point presentation about designing active learning and better interaction sopassé
exactly - children who they are supposed to be protecting ironic 😀
Why save people especially children by banning porn sites ? pornban
Porn gets banned in india on 69th independence day ! ! !
The distraction may not be the noise but the automatic eavesdropping that interferes with focus . headphones
so a thief while in jail had items stolen ? ! ring
Someone stole my card number and wiped out my checking acct . I ca n't even buy a bottle of wine in which to drown my sorrows .
[ insert joke here ] - Country that 's not North Korea awards Kim Jong-un a prize for global statesmanship
They just wanted Indians to reach their historical heights of sexual orgies . Stop watching and start doing NextBanIdea
I 've spent more time with my mother since I moved out ! Haha 😳 Ironic X
Women spend more time thinking about what men think , than men actually spend thinking .
last cup in the cupboard . Do the dishes ? No I 'm cool with this.coffee disney sleepingbeauty caffeinated ironic
Sorry ( not sorry ) OKC ; I found love on ! ! lols nevergoingback goingforward
Hiking & amp ; so deep in thought abt death by drone in the wilderness that I miss the downwind black bear coming down the ridge toward me .
It 's crazy because blacks were involuntarily bought here by you all , yes , and now yall want us gone ? ? Hmm ironic
The is not lost on me
at it 's finest
“ : coined new word for media / Westminster establishment Blairites that described . They are the condescenti . ” irony
Strong , potent , & amp ; athletic women deemed as `` unrealistic '' by Feminist standards
well stop sending nuisance tweets then
Is n't it ironic singer songwriter delphiselfie ironic
Fuck you PowerToTheCreators
Also thank you for illustrating the `` tolerance '' you claim to champion . We accept your views or we better leave : )
I would love someone from the SNP to do an unofficial biography of David Torrance .
Looking at Surface Pro 4 rumors and a site popup comes up for Apple Watch . MicrosoftSurface AppleWatch
lips hiding lips ... 😏 ironic
Feeling like a pair of wore out Adidas campus pathetic me loser lame failure chubby…
Video : Isn ’ t it ironic singer songwriter delphiselfie ironic
Says the KJV only fellow .
The French want the British to do more in Calais without accepting that , in 1558 , France stole Calais from the English .
Maybe quite funny if it were n't so true ... irony tg
It 's Windows . What could possibly go wrong ?
Need to go school supply shopping & amp ; to sign up at the new pedi BUUUUT H has decided to take an EPIC nap ! Lol !
Some men will sleep with twins if they can but will call a woman a hoe if she slept with someone they went to middle school with .
Fluff went to a bankerAskin ’ for some billsThe banker said , `` I ain ’ t got thatBut I sure got some powerful pills . `` irony
: forgot list of U-turns on his promises before issuing a political character certificate for
HeadHunter Just noticed this , 3 years ago today ! Ironic First ever
I 'm just waiting for one of her troll accounts to tell me off again for bringing her children into it ironic
on tonight 's TopGear Repeat saying he doesnt know how to punch - knows enough 2 get Sacked tho 👊😂
Soon we are going to have 69th Independence Day and govt is thinking upside down .. ; )
huns are creaming themselves tho 😂 . one asked why i cared abt Sevco bids yet he knew all about GMS to celtic move .
You guys realize that the reason it does n't have the App is because you have n't made it , right ?
With India set to celebrate '69 ' years of 'Independence ' , the government decides to impose a porn ban and censor the net . BanPorn
Well that 's not racist at all . that you would be upset over a seemingly racist comment , to the point of being racist .
While the govt . bans porn in India , Modi ji says let 's 'Make in India ' . PornBanned
I was quoting Alanis Morissette
Legia Warsaw awarded a 3-0 win by in 3rd qualifying round
Sen Cornyn talks about the need to pass bill to give govt TONS more info w/CISA by talking about MASSIVE gov't data breach . absurd
I just read where 50 Cents says he spends $ 108,000 a month . Not sure why that struck me as so humorous . funnystuff
AADE15 , wannashare my t1d book with u. I happen to b in NO for hubby 's conference ! diabetes coincidence
You yearn for freedom , yet you live constrained .
My pessimism levels are starting to worry me . Oh the of this tweet pessimism BetterThingsAreComing ? Maybe
is surely cracking up at for that brutal racist comment made today ..... ironic theview
No , we do not need another piece of technology to deal with our technology . We need less technology .
there is an interesting underlying story bout why Hartlein left early 4NFL & amp ; now Pryor trying 2take his job . Ironic Browns
The fifth Planned Parenthood video was released on Obama 's birthday .
just got the acceptance email for this year ! Going to head to NYC !
69th Independence Day and they ban porn readthissomewhere whaaaa
i live for allergic reaction that maybe could kill me .
As much as I hate the dentist office , they 're soundtrack is absolute fire Complicated Ironic InTooDeep 2015or2000 ?
Section 69A . 69th Independence Day . pornban
RT : Ca n't believe Kelly Osbourne said that about Hispanics after her dramatic Fashion Police exit
my desire to be friends with everyone prevents some people from being my friend
Who wants to guess what the brilliantly creative ( bought ) future MN United MLS stadium name will be ? Best Buy Stadium is my top pick
Also `` Well , my startup is a crowd funding platform , we 're just trying to raise finance '' Erm , have you tried kickstarter ?
What goes around comes around . That 's an example of a proverb
Everybody wants to go to heaven , but nobody wants to die ironic
Found my way to the Abu Dhabi garmin dealer using google maps
Clarkson just said on a top gear repeat `` I have no idea how to punch '' ironic ☺️
It 's sad to hear that you do n't `` condone racism '' , , something tells me you would be great at it .
The person that always says I 'm there when ever you need me is never there when you need them ironic
yoooo all this talk abt this dead lion during Leo season
Maggi has come back .... Porn has come back . But ex is stuck with that asshole ... Irony
Georgia KKK member wears FUBU shoes at Confederate flag rally - -
One of our best patriotic songs were sung by Bangladeshi singers , how many today know their names ?
So cillas died will that be . 97 candles ironic
Of course I 'm good at balancing things in my life . wine ironic laugh bored
said something intended as a joke & amp ; did n't work . She now knows how felt who she villainized karma aha
How you run a chicken joint and run outta chicken ?
she put her foot in her mouth poor ignorant choice of words . Did n't she give G hell for her comment ? bye
Sharing the train w a woman loudly holding forth about her self-absorbed roommate .
The in Kelly Osborne saying some Racist about Latinos when If people were Online or on TV Fat Shaming she would be Insulted
The shut down - as it could n't find a woman qualified for the job . wit
Also , do you have a YouTube channel of your Teacher Tech Tips you can share ? ironic notjoking : )
If GOP tcot Repub Party Does Go Way of the Dinosaur UniteBlue p2 `` Liberals '' Can Realize Dreams of World Domination Imperialism
I ’ m anemic . Not figuratively but actually . They took a whole bunch of blood today to confirm that . invisibleillness
Working on a survey regarding sex and pop culture and playing in the background . : )
Does anyone else see the of this bin ? funny Saskatchewan
RealEstate Consumers who spend so much time trying to Save on agent commission are often the ones that Lose the most in the end . Ironic
How is it possible that a parking enforcer can illegally park to ticket people illegally parked .
Fauxnews viewers upset at low info Trump voters turning political process into sitcom
/ ironic that have just tweeted s link to updated trustee guidance ?
CAN I GET AN `` AMEN '' ? ? ? ?
Photographers taking cell phone pics for Instagram
The Tower of Joy ... obsession RT This New “ Game Of Thrones ” Filming Location Could Confirm A Huge Fan Theory
My dogs had to retake their distemper shots since the foster family never `` boostered '' them and I swear they 're worse 😒😒😒
says the guy who works for a network that profits from defining what people do when they are 20 .
So I just found out my ex prom date in HS married a guy with my name Lmao Ironic Mychestswole Notgonnalie Makewmrememberyou 😂😂
I 'm going to be able to sleep in for school tomorrow
He 's mad the car was in the way like Cyclist ai n't always on the way of cars ..
The NFL assumed that Brady would be generally aware that `` lack of cooperation '' would lead to a four game suspension . Ironic
When Tay Tay comes on your Kanye radio😳😳 haha ironic
I found the story of a journey on the way to see Journey
Somebody called me retarded at Wawa today . That somebody then proceeded to slide their card upside down and backwards seconds later .
was n't she the one that got pissed about the thing ? !
but wo n't participate in the consortium debate , which helps organize ? cdnpoli elxn42
Says person with a DonaldTrump banner .
So Did Miss Piggy finally find out about Kermits side chicks ? SipsTea TheMemeMakesSenseNow Ironic
Been waiting on roadside assistance to fix my flat tire upwards of three hours—because their repair truck broke down .
I 'm still laughing at these 'FPL Advice Accounts ' They 're posting pics of their teams and asking people to 'rate ' it ? ! ! ironic
This is the snack that was served at the feminism conference I am attending . Is Mr. Big trying to compensate ?
My sister may love in a million dollar house , but the internet is third world .
EcoNewsfeedIronyIF sanctions loosen after IranDeal , Iran will flood world w MORE climatechange oil than ever ! ClimateChangeIsReal
Uggla jones Beautiful example of dumb Twitter trolls . Who 's sirwrongalot
I have sunburn and I 'm cold . OhTheIrony Ironic Summer2015
i only use hashtags for ironic emphasis if u think i use them seriously u are wrong
The president of bad ideas Irony0bama mocks GOP candidates ’ ‘ bad ideas , ’ urges Dems to watch debate
just gave up an RBI to the catcher on the UPMC commercials with all the concussions .
- I clicked on this link you posted due to FOMO ironic
This from `` news personalities '' who are crummy journalists .
GovChristi will tlk about reblding NJ 2nite in AsburyPark , yet the bldng he stands in is falling apart njea ironic
India banned porn during its 69th year of independence
Attending a public safety fair . Have lost all four of the boys I brought with me . @ Downtown…
just shameful .PowerToTheCreators
Video : The the100dayproject the100daysproject 100daysofminizines zine personalprojects
Watching madmen , a show acclaimed for its design after removing 60s era wood paneling & amp ; wallpaper from my bedroom . whatwasithinking
Egyptian fury over Facebook rainbow . Actor Khaled Abol Naga pilloried on TV as backwards as a US republican ironic
He could use a free map app on his phone ; but that would leave ( as G Reynolds says ) insufficient opportunities for graft .
“ : Hello DC back fighting 4 chemical reform 2 protect ppl from untested , harsh chemicals in products w `` ironic
and the one with the least surgery would be on the top of the To Do list
I 'm reading this on my phone . How about that ?
Kill them with kindness ironic Good morning ! 👼👼👼😁😁😁😁😍
Happy one year anniversary to my job . I would have said it earlier but I was too busy working .
Party meanwhile in the comics , Doom and Richards have never been written better
Put on running shorts and fell asleep
Never ceases to amaze me how a store built around babies makes me curse outloud shootme
Loyko Wells refused to turn over communications and emails ironic
People get mad when you treat them how they treat you Ironic
Wow ! Made my day ! A lady just hit a parked car while screaming out her window at some driver for texting and driving . watchtheroad
Your reporter on the Naplan story - `` lidderacy ''
A grain of truth is how Fux News shepherds all their sheeple . Hmmm , Shep Smith as a shepherd ? VoiceOfReason
And by buying all the milk theyve reduced the supermarket 's skrinkage to 0 so they profit even more ! MilkTrolleyChallenge
How do you Americanize an African name ? ironic
Also agree that we 'll find many solutions/best practices for modern problems among Indigenous practices . Bennett cdnpoli
They need to include the intermediate .
did you email Alanis Morrisette so she can file under ironic
Go to the website , try and find 's Eircode . meta
In alphabetical order LUFC are 15th in the table same place we have finished for two years ironic
The fact that my cousins name is AJ and he looks like ! 😂 Ironic
It is such an that TwinTrainTragedy in MP on day we mark 100yearsoftrafficlights
Refreshing to see letting agents are just as competent here as they are in the UK
We live in times when a lecturer ( having a masters ) is paid less than a watchman ! ! Kashmir
Train accident is such a sad news . Were they bullet trains by any chance ?
Sporting goods store at had these soccer kits in stock .
Oh God , I 'm nearly crying from laughter just third hand remembering .. did n't do so my perfect world he thought=compliment
Dude in office reading an online post on how Mughals kept fit while wolfing down a greasy anda paratha
Parliament job to enact law not allowed to work , Laws enacted not implented childlabour JAIPURlowercourt
The Here Is Huge ! ! The Subject Matter Is Ok , But Not Documenting It ! Like Attacking America For Documenting Nazi Atrocities ! !
Slavery is easier to accept when you have technology . ironic hypocritical
Once upon a time all Nandamuri fans are TDP supporters , Now I 'm in a strong feeling that all pawan kalyan fans are TDP supporters now
East Prince MADD president charged with impaired driving . dui ironic hypocrisy
just played a song right after a song , on a Drake station ironic toofunny DrakeVsMeek whosesideyouonspotify ?
Because Harper is not a disaster ? Really ? election2015 ridiculous
My goal in life is to find an Anytime Fitness with a closed sign . anytimefitness
Just saw a cyclist yell at a driver for getting to close to him then cycle off through 2 red lights readingroadrage
So your writers name is Paige ?
: The doing a show on science improving lung transplants . Yup , once again , science doing the work your god ca n't .
Let your heart speak to other 's hearts . ironic yogitea goodconvo irishcup relaxing
just like a mexican restaurant has no actual Mexicans working there ironic
Desperately seeking it copywriting headline proofreading spelling subediting typo
59 doesnt make it wrong and
It 's funny when people talk about hustling and grinding but truly are lazy af lol
you just imposed a moral standard by `` thinking she 's an asshole ''
I do n't think she knows what that flag means😆 howtotreatawhitegirl blacksonblondes bbcslut snowbunny
How funny : working on my latest short , and forgot the SAG-AFTRA steps- so I 'm referencing my OWN blog for advice ! acting producer
This afternoon I fell asleep reading a book about increasing my productivity . Seriously . keepreading
The US makes gay marriage legal . Russia bans any homosexual acts . Who gets a biblical locust invasion ? Russia .
pro-confederate man with KKK tattoo wears fubu sneakers lol funny ironic wtf weird weirdnews gtfo
Locating my lost glasses would happen much quicker if I was wearing them
Airy Free vibes Phish
Those who created & amp ; facilitated talibans still called `` pak afwaj '' Q : who is real responsible of talibans killings ? ghalib
piers Morgan is awful . notalentjudgingtalent ironic
Chris10sen mine was whispering moon loudasfuck
Biggest Kook in Either ( or Both ) Parties Won the 2008 Election . UniteBlue DreamsFromMyFather WhiteMansGreed p2
Got ta admit , there 's something enjoyable about seeing the politically correct get slammed for not being politically correct . wrinkly
Enjoying all the sights on this tour . gloomyday claphamjunction train
coughs wonder how the undocumented Latino community feels about that ? Oh wait they brought it on themselves
I know the reason why Karl , hence the in my tweet , but does n't make us anymore aware . It 's been going on for years !
smilingface mirrored text decisive @ City Square
. Astonishing that you have an ode to CecilTheLion as your background .. but you 're for abortion . kinder
`` I do n't knock you I just blame it on your old head ''
Lmao the only extremely attractive girl that 's also attracted to me lives 600 miles away ironic
😕 I Dnt Hate You RT : Brownskin girls always hated me but I never really had a lightskin gf ironic
It 's Gon na Be The 69th Independence Day Of India & amp ; Government Is Banning Porn ... ! ! ! 😜😜😜😜😂😂😂😂
It 's basically rained for the whole summer in Ireland and they want to charge us for water ironic
Hey , KellyOsbourne , I 'm a Latina & amp ; instead of cleaning toilets , I run 2 businesses . Is ur little mind just blown now ? racism
There are some friendships where I do n't even have to try to be friends with them . Those are the ones to invest in .
Andres is talking about nutrition
Does it look like imma be at the valley September 26 hmm ironic rave letsdoit
LittleWomenLA S2 E8 was intense . Does Christie get paid by saying the word `` bullies '' ? ironic friendemiessuck youremindmeofsome
You 're a rapper whose name is `` MEEK '' .
NotNormal warning MaleEnhancement DoesNotWork : FL patient says penis deformed by former surgeon :
and now assholes like b.dutt , sardesai , sagarika will line up showing placards asking mercy for yet another terrorist
Life 's little ironies : Having to write 'shopping list ' on your shopping list ironic shoppinglist
Mom gave me a disney themed mask to wear at the health departmentLooks like Pooh is the only thing keeping me away from illnessirony
Applying Empiricism to social issues leading to an existential crisis is something everyone should experience
I think it 's funny when you always put me down for being dependent on others , but now you 're the one who is n't your own person . ironic
you realise there is not one single smile in this picture ? ? ironic
Fant4stic is 14 % on RT . That 's lower than Terminator Gyensisneiys . And on the anniversary of Hiroshima too.irony
Kent Doobie is a drug dealer ? ! Best name for a drug dealer in history !
450 faces , 300 for female players that we 'll play once or twice ... I 'm soooo happy with FIFA16 Ironic SQN
Desperately seeking it copywriting headline proofreading spelling subediting typo
wish I could ! wheelchair totalACCESSLive ironic
Desperately seeking it copywriting headline proofreading spelling subediting typo
The dudes who think that abs look `` manly '' on a girl are typically the ones that do n't have any sorrynotsorry
JamesHird is adding to his legal bill by suing insurance company for not paying his legal bill ASADA WADA hubris teflon
1 hour and 30 minutes till I need to head of to work . YEY .. happy IDONTWANNA
nothing screams vacation like home fries
Well that 's just a place holder when they eventually come out with the ipocketwatch . thetruthinmarketing
Says the woman who makes her money by being an obnoxious oaf ! ironic
Ironic is the first song I hear in the AM ? ? It 's gon na be w good day 👌🏼
Apparently there is a phenomena of abusive cis women pretending to be abused to access refuges so they can attack their partner terf
now that 's funny ironic
The of the Labor Herald advertising for volunteer staff -
Funny how the sales and account folks never remember information about me . ( NOTE : our primary account rep does )
There are jobs for those who already have jobs . jobs Ireland
oh you do n't like being hacked ?
`` Editorial standards there rank about as highly as grammatical ones '' - comment on Identity Ireland 's FB page re : ie .
raised the dragon which is ate you oneday .. ironic
`` by 1918 they ’ d only have one MP in the whole country '' No . IPP had 6 in 1918 , though 5 were in North
The chickens come home to roost ! calaismigrants migrantcrisis warcrimes
Not being able to be sad should make me sad .. but i 'm not able .. ironic
And I just got `` Earthquake ''
I do n't ever try customer services on the phone - useless
'There 's a difference between being interested and being desperate , and THATS desperation ' ohhh the TheBachelor
This guy luks like Rahul gandhi . N his name is Jamie 'dorman ' : ) : p
attempt to defend his support of the defunding of CEFC and crippling Aust . renewables . Used 'subsidies are bad ' argument
I 've driven in London for 25+ years , 7 now as a cabbie . These roadworks are currently the worst I 've seen . keeping London moving
Vienna 's local gov was always great at picking priorities : gendercorrect parking places , FINALLY ! Yes ,
Alanis Morissette - Ironic ( Video ) via
No kidding . Buncha dicks
First People kept asking IK to behave like dictator and reorganize PTI and when he took a stern decision as per Party Rules then .. ? ?
the ironic thing about government and the system as such is that neither really get better they just get bigger .. bigger in cost and issues
Is there any part of Ironic where Alanis Morissette mentions Easyjet 's SpeedyBoarding ? 🎶
I find it odd that people actively smoke while cycling . It seems counterproductive .
Good to see cycleproficiency training taking place outside the office . ironic that kids are…
I 'm running late . If it was n't such a nice day , I 'd motorcycle in . noplacetopark
The Deadpool trailer shows Marketing does n't just need to be overly cheesy 'flag-waving ' . has its place too .
George Lucas broke the shark.irony JawsTheInsideStory
lt commenters note the of this Chron article on open access being behind a paywall OpenAccess
Verizon why could n't I watch SiliconValley in my library last night ? error message ironic
Some of these scumbags were caught watching pornography on their cell phones inside the parliament ! Hypocrites !
Wants to read Shlohmo - Later lyrics ! Listen to Banks - Brain . ironic
Diff rules for the old school tie boys in finance . Do n't want these blue collar workers exercising economic power do we ?
If you tell someone to kill themselves , kys . Asshole.Irony
meh , too bad that grammatically it should be GetAnEducationChallenge
Tip : if you are doing a Kickstarter vid about voice tech , make sure you do n't have crappy dubbing . voiceover
PrescottBush is mostly primary & amp ; well-woman care services , including prenatal , for low-income women👶🏻
Someone - a subeditor or something ? - has changed your title to Can Sociologist 's Write ? at top of page .
. Do you see the Donald ? What `` goes roun ' comes roun '' ' as it becomes your turn 2 wind up as `` the loser '' ?
haha reading this while doing a wee ironic
Word of the Day from - twitterpated - excited or overcome by romantic feelings ; smitten . ironic
Shit I 'm late to my `` Speed awareness '' course better floor it !
Chris you barraged everyone in school to join your fantasy league now you ’ ve nothing but hate for them ! ! ironic
ThinkPad Over half of IBM ’ s 380,000 workers could soon be on MacBooks
Complains about hunting in a leopard print dress
ESPN funny how Baseball America has the Sox system as tops in baseball . ironic
... when this happened ... cantmakethisstuffup cdnpoli
I , of course , had to tweet this ... while on vacation . `` How to Vacation Like It 's 1999 '' via
On a rare day my daughter is sleeping in , I am the one awake when she usually is .
VERY IRONIC KELLY OSBOURNE apologizes for 'View ' remarks about Latinos via
Russian client asks for an americano and does n't understand the
Those who are criticizing Farhan Virk , keep criticizing even the leaders from their own account despite of holding position in PTI .
Haha ! I 've been followed now by Buddhist Wristbands with the tagline `` Authentic wristbands blessed with good karma '' misnomer
The road to success ... success
Pulis looking to buy entire welsh national team - news on Bale medical soon wba
gee the co with the substance in question says it 's ok. Like saying GMOs are ok
Science
Is Chris Sutton complaining about refs being biased against Celtic ?
Imagine if Oak Coliseum had turf problems Levi 's Stadium has . Anti-Oak critics would say A 's need new Silicon Valley park to fix it .
Thanks for the follow -- ironic I was just listening to your demos on your website ; )
The quality of forms of communications has increased , the quality of communication has decreased .
Western alQaeda apologists cheer Islamist militants fighting for an Islamic Syria at same time call Islamic Iran a terror state.Irony
Love to sleep today ! ! ! ☔️ but hate to wake up early .. hahahaha ! rainyseason bedtime ironic
`` : Did the President really say killing humans & amp ; harvesting their organs is an atrocity ?
so you advocate self interest but deride those who act collectively in their self interest ?
It 's funny that the person that 's running me away is the person that 's gon na miss me the most 😂
RIAA asks BitTorrent Inc. to block infringing content | TorrentFreak -
lol and you 're subtweeting someone else😂😂 ironic
When the Alcohol Awareness Module for college is so long you feel like you need a drink .
The fact that the post is bout climate change/global warming/sea level rising but the pic looks BEAUTIFUUUUL .... ironic
When you literally `` PMSL '' ...... It 's not actually that funny !
Directions can be confusing .
I just want to eat a cookie but I have to go to the dentist instead Ironic
How ironic . 1.6 stars . Good job BBB ! ironic funnyandsad sigh
Sometimes it ’ s hard for me not to laugh in the face of bullshit . word truth
I just had a coughing fit in the plague museum
But these were n't missteps ! They were blatant baiting w pure Colts bias , exactly what you rail Simmons for !
of India .. Its gon na be 69th Independence Day and we are banning PORN .... pornban AajKuchToofaniKarteHain 😉😉
Some guy on the news is a sailor called will turner , he 's also hot ...
Refugees returning 2 Mogadishu are airlifted while those returning to Kismayu are compeled to board lorries
thats impossble .. i thought gun crime only existed where gun laws are too strict .. but MISSISSIPPI ? ! lmao ..
Draught in maharashtra .. situation is going bad & amp ; bad . Flood in gujraat & amp ; draught in maharashtra . Neighbour
is when you1 . Invent a con2 . Marry a nasty scamster nicknamed `` the dingo '' 3 . Tell nasty lies4 . Get dumped for acting like a bully
Between wrecking my Maxima and the speeding ticket I have lost more money driving to and from work then I have made this summer 😅
Went to buy liquid chlorophyll from the health store & amp ; it had 2 parabens listed as ingredients ... what crunchyproblems
Facebook is my shit I do n't even go on Insta or Snapchat like that anymore 😂 ironic
Wait . Reba 's new single is named `` Until they do n't love you '' ..... really ? ! LOL
I 've wanted to run away from home WAY more as an adult than I ever did as a kid .
Prime for some gentrifying . Muted colours , exposed brick and then hipsters can pay £15.99 for 'authentic ' London chicken . ironic
That 50 % power difference is starting to cripple Xbox , Quantum Break Crackdown Halo Forza Scalebound Gears 4 just wont do .
So ..... someone threatened to hurt Harry ? The entire fandom contemplates murder themselves . HarryBeCareful Ironic
Here we come ... learning the hard way ... Easy things comes in a Hard way dipl
Desperately seeking it copywriting headline proofreading spelling subediting typo
The main niggas commenting bout these Drake & amp ; Meek diss track calling it trash same nigga pushing 40 dropping mixtapes Ironic
We complain about kindness and compassion being lost , yet admonish people when they all care about something , instead of `` X '' issue
Her Majesty having a conversation with her father . The of it .
yea said that to get elected . Unions control and brainwash the workers unions are ok workers suffer .
I seem to spend a lot of time on trains
Just tried accessing a paper in Journal of Happiness Studies . Blocked by paywall . Not happy now .
Desperately seeking it copywriting headline proofreading spelling subediting typo
It 's gon na be 69th Independence Day and we are banning Porn !
Librarians Leap to the Aid of Researchers Whose Funding Will Soon Depend on Open Access - Chronicle paywall
Politics prospers on conflict , not on peace .
ha , name-calling already and we have n't even been formally introduced .
Damn those interfering Eurocrats for preventing the slaughter of unarmed civilians by our armed forces . How dare they !
The only one currently safe from the chopper is Charity Dingle ironic
So BBC will send replacements to the replacement team press conferences
I bet Boris does n't think that the Thames Estuary would be a better option for this transport hub
yesterday my professor told me I needed to find an adjective that was n't `` salty '' and that made me feel salty
his mommy did say the whitehouse does n't need another bush lol ironic
MADD President David Griiffin charged with impaired driving
When I throw some ish together I get so many compliments . ironic
Anniversary of Risky Business & amp ; Natl Underwear Day . Coincidence ? I think not . Ironic
People in America burn and disrespect our flag constantly , but it 's considered freedom of speech .
Perhaps he said it sarcastically . evilirony chooselife
Funny how the ones always complaining about fakeness , drama , etc . are always the ones who are starting that shit .
Author of TheMartian likes Earth space rather than Mars ' FW Opportunity solar
Using the Windows10 XBoxOne combo to SUCCESSFULLY play BatmanArkhamKnight on PC . : D
Internet comes with its own risks ! ! ! using this twit for WeakModiSarkar tag IndianPolitics
Yep , those are Pantera and Slayer stickers on that PT Cruiser . glorydays
... and what do we do if we need to report a fire ?
Man if gets shot for bullying it will be just like in Degrassi when jimmy ( drake ) gets shot by rick . Drake MeekMill
Unionist cllr and former brit soldier refers to potential future Labour leader as a `` lunatic ''
MADD chapter president charged with impaired driving , resigns | CTV News madd dui pei excop ironic
You misspelled `` accuracy . ''
says `` Pray the real live forever man , pray the fakes get exposed . '' You got what you wanted . exposed your fake ass
& amp ; gee .... what is the stance of the participants on gun rights ?
Would n't be Ironic if was to serve Benghazi Email time at Clinton Correctional Facility in NewYork NY PJNET
Also just remembered one night there was this outdoor party next to the river by the Eiffel Tower & amp ; they were playing nggas in Paris ironic
Before yelp and angieslist we just had rely upon instinct and to make informed decisions ... …
Democratic segregationist George Wallace ? THAT George Wallace ? copolitics Oh the fail
New WetByBB 💦 The that 's it 's WetWednesday ! Get 2 Piece w/ gold assembly now @
Harvard Study : Men who eat more chicken than steak or processed meats have 13 % better odds fertilizing their partner 's eggs .
Ca n't find my where 's wally costume . Am looking everywhere for it Ironic
And the other day I was counselling someone about sleep hygiene and how to maintain it !
kruger Kids Co situation shows danger of unaccountable `` 3rd sector '' doing a govt 's work . And now councils will pick up pieces
I had never heard until I watched flippingout , assume 2 million viewers feel the same way .
I am missing the first GBBO coz I 'm decorating Arthur 's EddieStobart 8th birthday cake ! ironic
... and yet you still buy petrol ?
Dove Surprised that a SVP is so shortsighted & amp ; arrogant on socialMedia . antiSocial VP at helm of social networking company ?
is definitely not in short supply lately . It 's actually quite entertaining to see . It is one of my favourite things . Among many 😜
My moods range anywhere between 1995 's Alanis Morissette to 2015 's Alanis Morissette . hippychick ironic
Any day that starts with a note from is a good day serialkillerhandwriting glasscapitaloftheworld
Only country ever to use atomic bomb in anger telling others they can ’ t .
Is it me ? Or is my book on how to teach English creatively missing a full stop ? WeAllMakeMistakes
As the dawn of a new season in the Championship beckons , there 's a bloody big circus tent outside the K.C. ! You could n't make it up !
I did n't know it was national underwear day and I chose today to go commando ! ironic
My car broke down yesterday while I was listening to a song called The Betrayal .
And the Chair of our Sen. Enviro . Commttee . is a staunch climate change denier
Hahaha . Funniest thing is SUAREZ playing peacemaker
Yes , and they 're also in our congress , opposing the IranDeal just like hard liner Imams opposing the deal .
New WetByBB 💦 The that it 's WetWednesday and we have 2 piece in stock ! Get your…
With that impartial objectivity you 're so famous for , no doubt ! copolitics copols coleg
Hedge funds investigated for making a killing out of RBS sell-off That 's a real surprise is n't it ?
So I have a sty in my eye .
Incident happened in Karachi but PTI media insistent to put blame on Punjab Police .
I need tools to open my makerspace toolbox tlchat kylchat
So i missed the very opening of GBBO because i was baking ....
Desperately seeking it copywriting headline proofreading spelling subediting typo
MADD chapter president charged with impaired driving , resigns
Defensively weak & amp ; 100 % reliant on 1 striker . Lots to look forward to Spurs fans in 2015-16 .
The ✔️✔️✔️ Get yours now wetbybb or visit
Oh hai ! Wannasee how hip me and my friends are ? Check out this 1 minute cut of our cross country trip : ironic
Yesterday : first run with ( 3.5 miles ) . Felt good , some minor problems.Today : feeling imprisoned in beloved Free.irony
Ok so it is a little mean , but it 's a good way to remember what is . writing business grammar tips
The fact that there is a `` Chinese DOTA , Best DOTA '' sign right next to Tobi 's face cracks me up . TI5 ironic
pissed that I had to park so far away from the entrance to the gym . ironic wholeidea nofitnessforme
I presume he plans to use nukes to prevent Iran from building nukes
Turns out HillaryClinton is going to be done in by a VastLeftWingConspiracy .
`` Irony is when someone writes : Your an idiot . '' idiots grammarpolice
ironic when you 're driving and you see a sign that says `` keep your eyes on the road ''
This lady is called Amber.Yes , that is fake tan.ironic
I 'm in the digital marketing space , but rarely use my own Twitter . So what ? ironic toomuchnoise
Cool kids . @ Mater 's Junkyard Jamboree
I work for a battery company and the company truck has not one but two dead batteries . Ha !
After drying all Africa , America speaks up for a lion
it 's comical , points that Obama admin . say regarding this `` Deal '' , Iran vehemently disputes . While Iran has confirmed all Bibi Says .
stapleton You mean . . . despite all the All Pros blocking for them ?
I bet that those moaning about the tubestrike would be the first to moan about working 16 hour days , 6 days a week , 52 weeks a year .
MADD president resigns after being charged with impaired driving :
My ex-girl got me to quit pot for a week , at which point I was like , 'da fuck am I doing with u ? ' And dumped her straight off .
Too rich . lgbtRights Anti-Gay County Clerk Sues Kentucky Governor For Violating Her ‘ Religious Freedom ’
`` : `` you niggas for everybody '' `` niggas ca n't handle me anyway '' — chicks w/ boyfriends 😭 '' Lol
Oh the of being home sick watching the CabinFever trilogy ! movie film PassingTime health wellbeing SomethingToDo
Trump is splitting the conservative vote.The effect = moderates uniting behind Jeb.Trump helps Jeb.irony
You sit there whining about not losing weight , while you have your hand in a bag of chocolate covered pretzels
Mothers Against Drunk Driving PEI chapter president charged with impaired driving :
Proud to rep in the craftbeer capital of the country . Portland LoneStar ironic
you know what kind of annoys me ? People calling lizzington creepy and weird but rooting for keen2 .. Wtf 😒
People complaining about Traffic Jams are the one creating it in the first place
IMFC with tarp saying `` We are the 12th player '' covering about 300 empty seats .
Nooooo , I have a fever . I actually want to stay at work today . They are making me go home .
But can someone tell me why there 's an ice cream truck in this cemetery right now playing `` happy birthday '' morbid
Been home for just over 24 hrs and have already sang karaoke noscrubs friendsinlowplaces ironic
How ironic is it that Skype , a company made famous for calling , does n't offer phone assistance ? Only live chat or email ? customerservice
Fact : As soon as I drove my `` new '' car off the lot , it started raining . alanismorissettecalling ironic
thank god ! LOL
I enjoyed lunch 2day w/ 5 members of the team , & amp ; 1 of them previously worked @ the Sawtooth Center . ironic aplus20th
U walk In front of someone THEY are polite and say excuse me , go ahead etc .. Drive in front of someone , they are cussing u out ... ironic
Real talk . Ironic
Almost sounds like he 's delivering a message for Iran .
The other side is using technology to claim it 's a hindrance ! debate
The ones telling me do n't trust anyone are the same ones talking shit on me ironic
Bret Baire WtfIsThat holding your hair in place ? Is that a brarrette on Bret ? FoxNewsIsDumb
have n't felt this fucking shitty since last summer this same time ironic
Gahh damn rozay ate `` wingstop '' ironic
There 's an American Doll store above the Starbucks in Vancouver . BeautifulBC
yeah but u will be automatically disqualified cause you know the law ironic
binge watching Continuum and LOL 'd when Sonmanto was called out as an evil corporation ... rearrange the letters ironic
I drink ALOT and still have a 6 pack .
Why do people not talk more about the fact that Obama is a `` constitutional '' lawyer ? ironic
I find it so ironic and sad when looking on the back of Cubscout uniform patches `` Made in China '' . madeinchina
Funny thing i have the night to myself and the only thing im thinking is what time do i go to sleep
A guy came to the Carr 's home to get money for criminals to get their life turned around and he ended stealing my bike when he leftIronic
.. also , no guns allowed at debate tomorrow .
Someone thought it was a good idea to put a flashing sign along the road that says `` focus on driving '' .
It 's funny when you see a doctor smoking . IsntItIronic
Risking it to get the biscuit and you get burnt
you listening to the stairway to heaven right meow ? creepin
I 've convinced myself for so long to not get a tattoo .. and now I want one ironic
Mothers Against Drunk Driving president is a drunk driving man ... drippingwithirony oooozing
When your sister gets off the plane you 're boarding ! ironic coinsedence
Powers If I did n't , who the fuck would ... ?
PM Harper 's fave is Breaking Bad , about man who starts meth lab to pay for medical bills . ironic elxn2015
A digital summit using paper and pens as feedback ironic summitseries
I did n't even know that was possible . ironicbeer baptistdrinkinglikeacatholic
ironic how true this is only forsomethings
O'Malley 's angry at Dem insiders 4 tilting race to Clinton . Kinda like what he & amp ; MD Dem insiders did 4 Brown ?
He is now yelling and calling the other person a freak ...
They only want you back once their shit starts falling apart . Then they miss what coulda , shoulda , woulda ... But I do n't 😒✌ Karma
Desperately seeking it copywriting headline proofreading spelling subediting typo
Just heard and new song and I cried like a baby . Bit ironic considering the lyrics .
Did 's dancers just bring back the heelys for Style ? ironic 1989TourEdmonton Guess they never go out of style ...
Obama : Killing Humans And Harvesting Their Organs Is An Atrocity That Must End
My mom LITERALLY flushed an entire Poo-pourri bottle down the toilet by knocking it INTO the toilet while it flushed . Moms
Had my MRI yesterday and while not being able to move i enjoyed the music of 'Shake it off ' RESIST TEMPTATION ! ! ! ironic MRI
I am staying in the richest suburb in my city and the internet is third world .
ScottWalker punked . or punkd when he has his way w/ educationfunding . : | via @
Louis got LittUp ironic suitstrust
NopeWWE Hulkster prowrestling wrestling
Driving up to work like ironic
Debris MH370 was found in Reunion Island my heart goes to all the family victims .
and by having two double-negatives in the sentence , they are , in writing , telling you that you can park there .
is angry over un- financed mandates from the gov and then requires all the parents to purchase a laptop . ironic schoolfees
Real friends lend a hand ! givemeahand ceramics
Playing the treble part in All About That Bass Ironic
I kind of chuckled bc
The ✔️✔️✔️ Get yours now wetbybb or visit
finds it ironic that the 2nd wife thing was a plot twist on `` Mad Men , '' but really happened on
We had robbery training at work in the morning and an active shooter next door that same afternoon ironic scary godbless
When the hands that feed you suddenly bite you before you could bite them back ! SupportSPRM
funny the ones hatin always watching you tho ? why ! ! HA ! Ironic
People complaining that Sun Tzu is un-PC and they do n't like the picture of the world he paintstopkek
Just saw an commercial during one of the last episodes ! 😂😂😂
What if I got a tattoo that just said : `` make a goddamm choice . `` ?
Say something worth hearing and the world stops listening .
What state are u in ? Tchrs voices might be everywhere , but they were ( apparently ) missing from the cateacherssummit Fri .
On my last minute of cardio and `` Got ta Get Thru This '' starts playing ShuffleWin Ironic IHateCardio
habits Yes please ! I too would love to know and am kicking myself for forgetting !
Lol . has a Productivity folder on his phone with Twitter , Vine and Instagram .
Crazy growing pains in my legs ... I have n't grown since 4th grade and it 's too late for me to do so now 😢 WhatGives LetMeSleep
These misses are getting their va-jay jay explained to them by a someone borne a guy who is now a gal . oitnbSeason2
Says the Raider fan OhNoHeDint tytlive : P
New series of The Muppets advertised in innings break .
Ca n't believe I was at a family gathering last night where they discussed catching catfish for real instead of home seeing Catfish 😆
desperate ? He ca n't handle his own finances OR the state 's finances , but thinks he 's a conservative .
i dont want to stay at home but im lazy to go out
2 years ago today was the first day of my first internship . Today is the last day of my current internship . ironic
Our MD , Mark , would miss this brand ... cantlivewithoutironicWhat a joker , eh ?
`` Why do n't u accept credit card ? `` `` Because we do n't '' stupid londonlogic logic 😡😡
and everybody were concerned about fans behaviour ! ironic
I love the of getting Now traffic updates while I 'm driving
Hey , let 's choose a naive , young public person and ceaselessly mock and harass them on-line . I 'm sure that it has no effect on them ironic
I can never remember how to spell genius . ironic
So 3 of us from the burbs are all in the office by 9.10 . The Londoner is stuck in a cab in heavy traffic . tubestrike
Things I thought I would never say 547 `` eat your breakfast or I 'll turn off the pirates '' ironic mychildwontwatchcbeebiesatbreakfast
My old friends do n't know the new me and my new friends do n't understand my past . .. Sigh ! 😱
ping pong lost
The toilets are here ... But where are the houses ? developmentgoingboing priorities thankyoudonors smart
. tweet about it hereallweek
59 weve refuted every point youve made . also
Just found I 'm blocked by , who I grew up listening to . How Ironic
my pussycat is called woody
`` It 's meeting the man of my dreamsAnd then meeting his beautiful wife '' IsntItIronic Ironic
Think might struggle to avoid the follow on ....... Ashes2015
After today 's sad news about , I see him on the cover of MensFitnessMagazine GetWellSoonJack
why not just commit ? Tats add character and tell a story . Almost more unique these days to have none . ironic
Teenagers really do scare the living shit outta me even though I am a teenager ironic
In 'Consider the Lobster ' Wallace notes that glorifying an author to potential readers kills any vitality to the uninitiated .
Some people just do n't change . Is there any S & amp ; M pleasure from going through the same mistakes ? I do n't get it .
Good to see Suarez stepping in as peacemaker : Messi headbutts and grabs throat of Yanga-Mbiwa
maybe bunch of Python programmers went into php
Happy TaxFreedomDay at all Belgians who pay tax ... in Belgium ( of course ) ! ironic TaxAttacks
Same AH whom GOP/establishment wannafix ghalib a mirza
No conductors on tram but already paid , channeling some Alanis Morrisette there ironic NotReallyIronicJustUnfortunate
Do n't you find it weird that people that get millions of views on the Youtube are that of people you have never heard of ?
Just saw the promo for Uncut ... There are no soundbites from Female actresses expressing excitement .
Richard Cohen : Biden stalked by of his age - Troy Record
You say we 're obsessed with mobiles . Tell us to put them away and then ask for our thoughts on twitter/facebook ironic
The left are now using the same argument about penalty rates as the right do about SSM . auspol
Just finished work ready to settle in and watch the Australians get a respectable score for the three lions to chase Ashes2015
Maybe they reprint the Enemy Painlands in MTGBFZ since we did n't see them in a long time .
Now that 's !
Gutfeld : How Ironic that Both Clintons have Female Trouble
Latest move by Putin A boycott of western condoms It might improve Russia 's low birthrate ironic
Pope 's visit to Philly brings armageddon . RepentNowAvoidTheRushAtJudgementDay
LOL at the sign saying there is a good service on the London Underground tubestrike tubelols walktowork
To assert that Earth revolves around the Sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin
Massive as yanks get mad at airport security ....
The Santoor ad on redirects to its page
And the Tube strike prevented me from being there . Great idea , though . Sure it was much appreciated . NewFans
Like a Vegan who also is a smoker or Weed head ...
`` Source close to prosecutor '' leaks : Criminal charges expected against Kane of Arc in leak case today . theDMS
Want to make a product unique ? Strip out the logo . fashion
timehop weird that I just tweeted about football season yesterday . ironic
Strengthen law enforcement ? should apply ! !
Great to see a few people back in Furth 🙈😱
Hilarious that the Aussies put another specialist batsman in for an all-rounder ... Ashes
the of deblasioNYC is the people who were the most enthusiastic about electing him are being hurt the most
U love those who hate you And hate those who love you IRONIC
So let us elect Barre Hiirale Yousof
We get injuries because Wenger leaves the squad short and banks on keeping everyone fit lol Karma
One IAS caught - Removed Wife of a minister Caught - No Action Chhattisgarh
motivation mixed with a touch of success entrepreneur startup
Update : I am now in front of said guy who sped up to pass everyone because he took truck routes . ironic
I am sitting in my car in the `` Y '' parking lot waiting for the rain to let up so I can go in and swim .
brilliant performance amazing athlete , great that he can come back from the Worlds and train in Derby 's new 50m pool ironic
Ca n't make it up . France animals odd French bullfighting president mauled by bull via
and then a foreign company paid a million dollars to our rulers to sell their technology . make in india but use foreign made
Labour 's Andy Burnham launched his campaign with a speech at the City offices of a corporation associated with huge tax avoidance
Kim Davis says that `` Beshear is picking and choosing . . . `` HAHAHAHAHA
Agreed . Infact , thinking about it , the only time i actually take cash out is to use the bus ! ironic ldnlife
I do n't how you 're coping !
I log on Twitter to ease the sting of loneliness but mostly log off feeling lonlier than ever .
Apparently we 're depicting the police as `` savages '' : a bit of inverse orientalism if ever I heard one . Calais
In tweeting news re smartphones more popular than laptops for Internet , my connection from phone failed
Is the Big Bash becoming detrimental to the Australian team during the Ashes2015 Ashes EnglandForever
A And you know what ? I put the battery the wrong way around , and the smoke detector burnt ...
tweeting that was passive aggressive
It 's not that I 'm not following people , because I am . I follow around 290 companies and folks . buthardlynofollowback
Yes , you 're definitely more scary than a guy with a knife at another 's throat who WILL do what he promises .
To fight over a Man of Peace ! ! Ironic
Someone in ch , tried to swing and struck out this week😂😂 baseballjoke ironic goodtry maybewhenyoureolder
It 's probably because of success of , which was created in part b/c of YouTubes problematic monetization policies .
of America50 years ago todaythe VotingRightsAct became law.GOPStill trying to Undo➡
Aeon X So basically women are only allowed to think a certain way , and they call this women 's liberation .
In the middle of Heals 's whinging about Capt Clarke 's ADHD jiggling of his bowlers , Starc takes a wkt . SweetSweetIrony
Pepper-spray/hatchet theater attacker w/pellet gun ; so we should n't fear theatershooting or need 4 gunsense till next time AntiochIrony
The Old Man ( Al-Khityar ) for Smokers .... how is the not lost on them ? ! smoking amman…
Some cunt called `` Brad '' is having a go at foreigners ... ? cheek ironic
Afghanistan : Taliban wants a slower peace process without Pakistan ’ s influence . Kabul wants quick process with Pak influence .
Super idea , Mr. Irsay ! optics awkward Colts
Nothing wrong ever happens at the right time .
ryder it 's like a new signing ..... Willo and Colo the new defensive rocks on which Premier League strikers will perish nufc
Parents told me off as kid for leaving lights on , yet they leave the door wide open with the AC on in my house
The : America 's refusal to atleast even Apologize .
How crazy is it when you see people walk out the gym and light a cigarette ? ! ironic
At some point there needs to be a common-sense test : does this look like a bike ?
The thing is , I was never taught the polka in gym class ironic
The R debate tonight feels like an exclamation point on John Stewart 's running 16-year narrative that the GOP is a misguided circus .
A prime example of insanity of the gun debate on Twitter is when pro-gunners do not get the of theatershooting tweet so I add
`` Looking for Luck '' posted on my photoblog photography 13 b & amp ; w
Heart shaped cactus found at the ranch ... Texas knoxkeith
The Old Man ( Al-Khityar ) for Smokers .... how is the not lost on them ? ! smoking amman lovejo jo ...
Funny how he says `` masryeen msh bey2adimo el 3atl '' : D ironic schizophrenic ivehadit
youre in line at midnight for a video game discussing why black people never get ahead ironic myskinismysin
Denmark Vesey statue is located in Hampton Park , named after a Governor who overthrew Reconstruction politics . PeoplesTour
and so the guy who gets paid does n't ? ! HirePaul
how am I supposed to do that when I 'm facing difficulty in getting in connected ?
Testimony by nurse & amp ; teacher : Petrochemicals `` create jobs for special education teachers & amp ; longterm care facilities '' Jobs OilByRail
Social media has been boring me to death , but the only place to rant about it is on social media .
mese Interesting
Photo : “ New ” ! ( at Barnes and Noble )
I used to think I was so good at self examining myself to recognize flaws turns out I 'm quite miserable at it . except in this case
Just saw guy on an e-bike wearing a construction helmet , Flip a driver the bird and yell `` idiot '' .
I guess , I 'll be hunted by the basilisk for being reading the queen 's work JKRowling
Portuguese fire truck burnt out whilst the firemen were fighting a fire ironic
Halfway thru this book and realize it 's HiroshimaNagasaki70 . relevance onpoint nuclearwarfare japan usa
It 's fantastic . And I 'm only in the first few chapters . I did n't realize , but it 's read on audio by . Some
WoodyAllen film IrrationalMan great ! Cannes ironic trust cinema trailer :
If you think it 's okay to lie to win an argument because that serves the greater good , that 's your 1st clue you 're on the wrong side .
the Railway pub in Leigh ! ! ! middle8bantz
is watching talking to the $ FIT CEO ( FitBit ) while his $ AAPL watch keeps popping up in the frame
Buffalo Parking Authority @ Main & amp ; Swan .
Perfect ... irony englishgrammar
NoIdea Was n't given any paperwork . Now they 're denying that a dipstick exists in my car but I have a part number
There 's a power outage in a PSE & amp ; G building . Ponder that for a moment ...
And PS 2 ... where was Florio & amp ; during the Saints Bountygate farce ? They became a propaganda arm for the NFL .
Well that 's ironic - drive like a princess diana
NFL writer called Marshawn Lynch `` unprofessional dick '' for playing music too loud during interviews .
Would be kinda funny if Patrick Kane got busted for something caught on camera on a returning taxi cab confessions
`` The first lawn sign I 've seen is a plastic sign for the Green Party '' - on and cndpoli
hahahaha 😂 kettle , pot , black etc . wait till I pick myself up off the floor ... alert ! My branch v.rarely mentions Labour FYI .
find it rather ironic that the actress who played miss moneypenny across from brosnan 's bond and is named samantha bond
One woman Beater talking about another woman beater !
In this day and age of technology , communication has never been so bad ironic
MADD President ( not a mother ) quits after being charged with DRUNK DRIVING
So my recent Facebook outburst got a few eyeballs ! Some of them who liked the 'status ' fall under the category mentioned Facepalm
Just found this
Do n't forget to like us ! ! ! Hahahahaha ego 20likes instalike makeup makeupaddicts…
Went to read the New York Times story on its earnings results , got hit with a giant interstitial ad
shakespeare spelled judgment with an e because he wanted to kill all the lawyers .
At Frankfurt Airport in quick boarding ? ? ! !
rt you do n't know the first thing about me
Unless you happen to be one of US 's most distinguished firefighters . ironic
The president of MADD was charged with impaired driving ... ironic lol
Oops . elxn42 elxn2015
On the day London is crippled by a tubestrike Unions claim the Gov is poisoning industrial relations .. selfawareness
THE REPLIES ^ ^ 🙌 And They have problem with us for holding a Grudge against Van Persie 😙
Voters feeling disenfranchised , views/concerns not listened to by robotic centralised party . Could be UKIP or Corbyn supporters ..
Past guy wearing ReaganBush84 TshirtT.Meant 2B ironic , nostalgic , what ? Declaring early for BushFam in election2016 ? politics prez45
Also , I have all packages delivered to work . So , here 's the NSFW deck ... at work ... ExplodingKittens
Ahh man ! So my Twitter is not my Twitter no more . Ironic
Literally said I hope Bairstow gets his ton as he 's given out ! cursed
Apparently Hasbro has the exclusive rights to the venerable board game , Monopoly .
Sorry . I 'm not . I really like it . We ought to add ironic to our tweets if actually ironic . ^ ^
The President of Mothers Against Drunk Driving is a drunk driving father . ironic headline
Bart Simpson 's real estate agent ? TerribleNames
: babygotback music video has not a one baby with back .
truu and niggas from the middle east so lmao
Speaking of reality on a Twitter feed ! It seems as if you have nothing but time to escape from said !
Webpage updated and Twitter and Facebook links removed . We don ’ t have any for stellaris yet because we were afraid it would leak ; )
What 's funny is most of the people RT it are fans of clubs that are nowhere near European football themselves Ironic
The UK just made iTunes illegal tech
Got a company wide reminder to use my vacation days . Yet , my boss 's boss expects nights and weekends . Eesh . ironic workflow
Interesting that saban laughed at E Bruce for not embracing new concepts but scoffs at the spread off . ironic
uhhhh , THAT 'S NOT IRONY ! from WHOM did you learn about what is Irony ? ! U 'd b `` pissed '' if u r dead bc ur corpse PISSES itself .
Especially when they used the word `` intelligence '' in the tweet .
I fell asleep while watching A Nightmare on Elm Streetlolirony
I see what you did there ...
I just got followed by Mutt Life on Twitter .
They want your successes to be unique and extra ordinary but expect your actions and commitments to be `` balanced ''
Find it humorous when females make their profile pics , boob shots , half naked pics , or in lingerie , only to say no DM 's . SMH Ironic
It will say Hull City and not Hull Tigers ... ? I mean we ca n't have a issue with a name now , can we ... ?
There 's a guy named Rodney at my work who recovering from a leg surgery where they had to legitimately put a Rod in his Knee lol
I worked clean up crew at a dentist 's office . Got so grossed out that I fainted and chipped my tooth.irony WorstSummerJob FallonTonight
my lads arrived my has n't ! .. He got a free flag that he can not use at the stadium
Just took my last exam as an undergrad in Japanese Culture & amp ; Commerce on 70th Anniversary of Hiroshima bombing .
Navarro Do pixies not like the Riverwalk ? And he did invoke continuity in his assessment . Ironic
Ironically rangers fans are taking loafs to a game a football , when the club has nae bread 👍👍👍skintoendthecircusironic
Reading about the privacy badger extension from ( I was looking at smeg fridges in case u were wondering )
And nothing better than the restaurant screwing up the sushi roll named after the place !
hey wait ... I misread that as `` Throw-up Thursday '' . It made way more sense that way ...
Dude . It 's called `` healthy food cart '' and they 're out due to employee sickness . And that 's what they posted !
They obv don ’ t see it that way . ironic
Not worried at all about some Eyes Wide Shut avatar
got told one by PR firm i was search guy and they wanted someone who knew social media
Yes - very sad if the gbdoc is a victim of its own success bc without it we would n't be tweeting right now ironic
Ironic those who talk about respect seldom act with respect respect ironic practicewhatyoupreach ironyatitsfinest
I normally appreciate a bit of but am not too happy about having just dropped my deodorant down the toilet .
The in government banning porn and it 's going to be our 69th IndependenceDay day this aug 15th . WhereistheIndependence
Coffee shop without coffee . Tweets
quoteoftheday courtesy of senti instaqoutes instagood igorota ironic
So the Morgantown Mall has a Juvenile-themed ad for back-to-school shopping . If said song played at school it 'd be lewd and crude
Bound to be Val after her planning to fake her own death , like Joe in Corrie ironic
Olivia is me bracciodiferro spinaci spinach comics fumetti black white humor ironia…
twister board as debris from a tornado LetsGetWordy
Bounty hunters raid the police chiefs house ... ironic
All Sams hard work getting us into Europe blown away by inept team selection . Loads of but an element of truth westham
Picked a great day to leave my umbrella at home ! Fredericton rain drenched nbwx
the bit in your video about LBJ who said , well look at the info-graphic for his own words
Liberty Rebel They do n't understand at the bbc do they ! !
If uh help others , they take uh forgranted . and if uh dont , then they call uh rude or egoistic.Irony HelpThemAnyway : )
Let 's celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the Voting Rights Act with .... Republicans ? debate
funny seeing ppl w/ `` religious freedom for all '' banners in court today for Pastor McConnell , religious freedom unless ur Muslim aye ?
So metric should be imposed w/criminal penalties for those who continue to pull pt and weigh lb ? fascism
It 's funny when I 'm working out 💪 & amp ; people walk by outside while stuffing their faces with junk food🍆🍔🍟🍬🍪 ! Great motivation ! ! ! Ironic
Russia , the state that sponsors a terrorist based covert war in Ukraine , offers to help combat terrorism .. irony
Jack Hughes goes alright , Wigan try and sign him ironic
Curious how a permanent birth control device can make a woman look pregnant ? ! NotPreggo
Brandon Jennings worried about meek but they'rein the same position
And they 're off to the farms ! What a beautiful day for a tour checking out Christmas trees ! ironic MCTA
`` Trump responded by calling her ' a total phony . '' '
BETUncut what a way to show BlackLivesMatter by returning uncut . With no educational shows .
The moment I start writing with inspiration , I have to leave the office amwriting thesis
think it 's time you call and say you now understand how words can be interpreted wrong . kettleblack
HaveYouSeenThis HaveYouHeard Racisim YoungTurks At a ConfederateFlag rally in Georgia a man was ...
Microsoft Translator is a must-have app for your Smartwatch |
59 ironywhy are they bullcrap ?
Host hotel hosting journalists & amp ; media pros on lockdown for hostage situation . I 'm stranded on 20th fl . NABJ40
The biggest aggregator of CO2 emissions perpetrating climate change is the Republican Presidential debate .
Good price for a Warburtons loaf . What else could u buy for a quid ... a club maybe ?
Lol is n't he facing Postol ? Lmaoooo
Watch Out ! Skipton they serve your drinks down your back ! 😕Apologies aplenty , but nowt off bill.Did offer free drink ironic
GOPDebate Santorum just compared the gay marriage ruling to Dred Scott vs. Sandford .
I watched last night 's The Great British Bake Off today and it was amazing as always : ' ) missed it last night because I was baking .. Ironic
My read while getting oil change . Ironic jenschefft
or just hypocrisy ?
official very disappointing but nothing more than I would expect from a team that qualified by fair play but had 3 sent off
What you seek is within you . Otherwise it is in the fridge.phrase amazing snoopy photo photooftheday …
The arena that tonight 's debate will be held in is a Gun-Free Zone . gunsense
Misery business was mine and my ex best friends favorite song and I never noticed what it was saying 😝 ironic
Do you ever stop and wonder `` well it 's too late now '' ... Nearly everyday I do yolo
Niggas With Fendi Belts And Fresh Jordans Are On Free Lunch
ask Alanis if the former CEO of HP having printer issues is ironic
`` The distance education workshops are offered face-to-face only . '' - yeah , sure ... unilife
of life.fire can cook for u , at d same time fire can destroy d whole word . life is beautiful .
When ya prof emails everyone telling us to never email him ever andscarybcicanttalktoauthorityfiguresinperson
Just saw with on the GOP debate Snapchat ! ! ! ! ! GOPDebate shesnotGOP ironic
Wifey looking that prices of LEGO Dimensions , which she really wants to play ... '' How can it be that expensive ? This is a kid 's game ! ''
Left phone upstairs as doing chores and now step counter on phone thinks I 'm a right lazy cow
But flying 1st class as a staffer is ok ? Was this before or after the affair with Tony Burke started ? auspol
Missing someone you never had , ironic Goodmorning Friday .
And pops it 's little head up again 👏🏻😁
Wow . Harper quoting StatisticsCanada macdebate
So Woody Allen on one channel and Real Housewives of New York on the other .
u butcher tiny humans and sell their body parts 2 the highest bidder and YOU call extreme ? Ironic DefundPP GOPDebate
Bail bondsmen raid wrong house - Phoenix police chief ! PoeticJustice ? RaidsGoneWrong
Deborah Moggach , novelist : 'Great writers have humour and in their DNA ' - The Independent
of life . D most beautiful woman can be d devil , while d ugliest woman will be the most beautiful woman . life is beautiful .
. apostrophe should n't be there grammarnazi maybeatrap
3 recent gun killings of unarmed folk in vehicles by police make national headlines this summer2014 ironic stats
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE BANS Adam Kokesh 's book `` FREEDOM ! '' Statism DoJ Voluntaryism Anarchism
From the site that unnecessarily slideshows EVERYTHING ...
There 's a TV show about how getting drunk wastes ambulances time whilst half of Cheltenham are at propaganda ironic
Brewed in Holland 😂RT When u see it ....
He did it so we would have less games to play which will give us a better chance of qualifying for Europe !
Tracy Chapin Fast Car playing at the rest stop . roadtrip ( @ New Stanton Service Plaza in New Stanton , PA )
Have n't tweeted all day ? I must be losing it 😂
`` : '' I hear & amp ; I forget , I see & amp ; I remember , I do & amp ; I understand '' Coaching '' Id heard this before but had forgotten .. Ironic
Harper citing eng fed2015 elxn42 macdebate
My plans tonight include Chinese takeout , a bottle of wine , and old seasons of Tweet . So of course my hair is on point
No open carry at the NRA conventions either . LMAO
well is is asking to be the presidential candidate for the stupid party ! 😂
You are NOT pro life , if you are for starving children , war , the death penalty , or taking away healthcare .
are n't they upset of Obama doing too much ? ironic
Me being unbothered is what bothers people Ironic
GOPDebate 1st executive order would be to repeal Obama 's unconstitutional EOs Derp ThatBoyAintTooBright
When becomes controversy . My latest mix tape is number two on the vaporwave charts .
He Got Game on before Walter McCarty Camp Championship Friday ! I want to hear your Lincoln Roll Call ! ironic
Damn , I do n't like Man Utd , but that 's way harsh . angel noteven
You people crack me up . ElectionHumor Election2016
Just saw Hardball interview an Obama supporter who said she was hoping to see a candidate with a little more substance GOPDebate
I think Beatrice is neither smart enough to pretend not to notice all along , nor to lie well later . I ’ m confused . ironic
: brother 's been flying C130Js for 15 yrs . Asked him 2 days ago to fly me a flag & amp ; send it home . He stopped flying 7/31/2015 . 😟😭
leaders debate & lt ; perogy eating contest nocontest stuffed
lol .. but Evil did n't make it . Ironic
Idk why but I am breaking out in zits . Just so you know teens ! Zits are for adults too . Ironic is that I had pretty good skin as a teen ...
😂😂 speaking of big crowds almost killed me and baby today IN A BIG CROWD ! ironic
Surrounded by food yet I 'm starving
Storm Drill postponed due to weather ...
Amazing how much the GOP wants to be dark skinned for this debate ...
`` The thing that is most important is to have a brain '' GOPDebate
Oh really ? - - INsertSarcasticTone
Did we really need to crowdsource and air shitty selfie videos of people asking questions that are extremely obvious ? livetweeting
Getting Van uberpuppies to the office today was like trying to hail a cab in the rain . needmorepuppies
PMSH advocating scientific analysis ! macdebate elxn42 cdnpoli
Oh ! The Satire ... Hey , remember Huey Freeman in the 1st episode of Season 3 about Obama ? `` meh '' ironic
Clearly was ready for this LeadersDebate . Harper and Mulcair ? Not so much . cdnpoli elxn42
Please be responsible when evaluating the leadership qualities of tonight 's participants ...
Foto : frankjavcee : When becomes controversy . My latest mix tape is number two on the vaporwave ...
Facebook is sponsoring a debate about political issues ? You mean just like every other day of the year ?
The - speechless CardsAgainstHumanity gopdebate
yes , yet he was rallying the war cry to see Obama 's birth certificate . ironic
I created a self-signed cert for my API server … fetch wo n't complete the request for security reasons … it works fine without TLS
Donald Trump is leading the Republican race . Clearly the US 's problem is being politically incorrect GOPDebate yourefired
Republicans asking other Republicans what they will make the federal government do to stimulate the economy . GOPDebate
The very few people who can make me cry anymore are the one 's who are making me cry .
`` Mr. Gorbachev tear down that wall '' -- Ronald Reagan immigration GOPDebate
This and bullshit with and is infuriating . Repppin ' usa under dictator usatf and Nike . ironic
actual quote -- '' do n't stage the news '' -- FoxNews anchor . GOPDebate
Facebook might be sponsoring the debate , but everyone will be using Twitter to talk about it
. yes , by all means `` let 's not dumb down everything '' GOPDebate
Watching the debate and gave up reading the hashtags Republicandebate
Trump is thinking his money will win him this election . Hilary Clinton is n't a republican and she 's making appearances . ironic
Commercials ? ? ? Capitalism at its best . Lol . GOPDebate
I only tweet important things ... Like seeing the book of Mormon in Utah . BookofMormon
Since when did Megyn Kelly become a comedian ? ! GOPDebate
vegas Based on past debates and what I 've seen from these chumps tonight , I think my choice for PM would be Gilles Duceppe .
Oddly enough , they think they are right
`` Do n't stage the news ''
`` it 's a tragedy because local governments are n't following federal law '' …makes me think of DACA & amp ; ACA . GOPDebate
Trump on Obamacare ends with him talking about buying & amp ; controlling politicians . GOPDebate
`` We need brain in this country to turn it around '' GOPDebate DonaldTrump
Huckabee using `` science '' as a backbone in his abortion debate .
how about saying we 're losing to Mexico when your brand name shirts are made there ?
Dr. Carson , a neurosurgeon ... on a stage with 9 brainless individuals . ironic
When buying organic grapes , I find it ironic how I have to pay extra for something that 's already organic wtf carbon
Anyone else noticing 10 men debating over pregnancy , abortions , and women 's health ? Ironic mybodymychoice privilege
Republicans have made everything about Obamacare for 5 years and now when you ask them to talk about it , they refuse ! GOPDebate
Cruz , Cuban , born in Canada , now lives in U.S. - hard on immigration . Ok then
I 'm glad a woman asked that question ... DonaldTrump GOPDebate
New 💦 The that 's it 's WetWednesday ! Get 2 Piece w/ gold assembly now @
Repub talking about not taking advantage of idiot ? please GOPDebate
I remember when used to cry when I braided her hair and now she 's a hair stylist .
Wait , Cruz wants people to forfeit their citizenship ? ironic GOPDebate
Marco Rubio says he 's the `` party of the future '' yet is a big climate change denier . GOPDebate
`` Let 's talk about terror . '' GOPDebate
DonaldTrump hates the press but would be nowhere without the press ironic GOPDebate
right there RT ball : Hmm . Looks like tonight is a good night to stay off twitter ...
watching the GOP debate at a gay bar
Golf is the new cycling ... 3rd behind lifting and equestrian . Track moving up thru the ranks . ironic
Running theme of the GOPDebate : Fck being politically correct .
. Know what 's funny ... ? Bernie Sanders accused the GOP for not creating jobs for Americans .
Huckabee quoting science may be the highlight of the night GOPDebate
I 'm sure the too PC comment offended someone too .
Build a big wall Trump It 's an awesome idea 👏👏👏👏 Debate15
LOL-Judas asks if there is nothing sacred Ironic
Megyn Kelly - `` Do n't stage the news ! '' GOPDebate
Does anyone else find it strange & amp ; uncomfortable when Harper talks about election fraud- given his party 's recent past ? macdebate
Ben Carson needs brain surgery
A Fox News anchor said `` Do n't stage the news . '' GOPDebate
Is n't that the truth !
ironic the GOPDebate is on Fox & lt ; shudders & gt ;
`` She counts on the fact that people are uninformed '' -- - says Ben Carson on the GOPDebateIrony
The Most Ironic Moment Of The First Republican Debate , Courtesy Of RickSantorum
is second GOP candidate to say that a brain is needed in politics GOPDebate
Ben Carson is criticizing Hillary Clinton for relying on tricking the uninformed ? ? GOPDebate
The Straight Outta Compton movie sponsorship of the GOPdebate is the textbook definition of
Social issues on social media . Lol
Straight Ouutta Compton trailer right after AllLivesMatter BS . GOPDebate
I love everybody 's political tweets , too bad all the uninformed voters you 're trying to reach will ignore/ca n't comprehend it all
Love the ad for the N.W.A . biopic during the GOPDebate
Probably would n't be this Close to Finishing Both projects if I did n't get stuck in Va for a while .. Ironic
lost on trump
`` We need a strong leader to tell the truth '' - Christie . Soo .... not you ? liar ironic
A tumbleweed rolled across the road while it was raining ironic
Wow , ONE question on blacklivesmatter . GOPDebate
Defends life , but does n't want people to have healthcare . ironic GOPDebate
My mom kicked me out of the house on BB17 eviction night lol
Wait ... I think Ben Carson just described how to destroy the country ... and it 's exactly what the GOP is doing/ has done .
Downloaded the communist manifesto to read on my free time , it has ads in it .
Straight out of Compton trailer on ? ! ? ! GOPDebate
STRAIGHT OUTTA COMPTON trailer during GOPDebate
Hahaha Carson talking about useful idiots .
We 'd all be taking it up the ass if any made president .
Pro-life & amp ; pro-death penalty .
I love the StraightOuttaCompton ad in the midst of the GOPDebate . Ironic
Oh my god , the social issues portion of this debate will be the death of me cultureoflife
Trump called an Incompetent . GOPDebate BNRDebates
The fact that this StraightOuttaCompton commercial is running during the GOPDebate is some kind of irony ! !
how about the neurosurgeon
Paul takes Reagan buff on the Iran topic , cooldown repeats . Iran GOPDebate
When the GOPDebate fights to protect religious freedom but condemns Islam .
Honest question , when was our country ever truly United ?
It 's like ra-i-ain ! ironic 🎤
How awesome that there is a laxative commercial during the `` full of shit '' Republican debate . GOPDebate ironic
Straight Outta Compton commercial during GOPDebate
Look at all the daughters these guys have . GOPDebate
Feminist likeagirl adverts are playing before all the videos on for me
Says an avid supporter of deathpenalty living in Canada . What an
Or , you know , `` politically correct . ''
HOLY CRAP did I really just see a CPC attack ad calling a career politician literally MINUTES after the debate ?
How is Jeb blaming Obama and Clinton for the economy .
Drinking vodka and watching intervention
Anyone else notice how all of these GOP candidates came from poor backgrounds GOPDebate
Invoking Reagan when talking about how not to deal with Iran . GOPDebate
RT : BlackLivesMatter got less air time than Ben Carson smh
BlackLivesMatter scrolls across the screen and it goes to a Straight Outta Compton commercial ... GOPDebate ITHINKNOT
Chris Christie exhorting us to live longer and healthier lives
Get to the god section of the GOPDebate and the answers signal goes out because of rain . Irony ?
Easier said than done .
Scott Walker says Democrats ca n't find one good candidate as he competes with 9 others to be his party 's nomination GOPDebate
The GOPDebate has been hilariously entertaining . Even better is the StraightOuttaCompton commercial on every break .
MissionImpossible commercial during GOPDebate
Harley-Davidson motorcycles are union made . but that 's okay ; were obviously not concerned with actual facts . GOPDebate
GOPDebate because if Rubio has his way Florida wo n't be a state in 100 years
the only apocalyptic truth is the climate , and it was n't discussed
Ok so I 'm still watching cantstop and my fav ironic part of the night is the promo at the last commercial break GOPDebate
GOPDebate best line of the night ? shouting `` the lying and stealing has already occured ! '' Bridgegate NJ
JonVoyage makes me sad , but not for the reason you think . I 'm sad the greatest satirist of our time has been reduced to a hashtag .
hahaha I actually lost to drew for the first time in 6 games last night . He had KD ! ironic thecurseisreal
gop all life matters but want to go to war at the drop of a hat , incarcerate 2.3 million people , keep children in absolute poverty
Although ironically I 'm watching this American presidential debate on a feed from your home country so
I 'm afraid the GOPDebate has just been found to be a major contributor to climate change . somuchhotair ironic
OMFG you did not 😂 . Dude ... Trump is standing on the same stage as you .
BlackLivesMatter mention followed by Straight Outta Compton commercial .
Straight Outta Compton commercial during Republican Debate . GOPDebate
yea most conservatives would ! Nothing new .... just the media and liberals like to portray them as `` intolerant ''
matthew No , dear . That 's why you need the hug . Do n't play with the big dogs in the department . Hug
Question about race to the only black candidate . This is indicative of the race problem
Vanessa running looks exactly like me running away from feeds when she is talking . BB17 bblf
York this girl just complimented me on my hair😂 ironic
Paraphrasing Mulcair , the gov ’ t needs a kickstart . Is that code for taking more tax dollars out of the pockets of Canadians ?
Ok how awesome is it that there 's a commercial for Straight Outta Compton during the GOPDebate
Clueless Planned Parenthood Made A ‘ Kids ’ Table ’ ‘ Joke ’ During First GOP Debate PlannedButcherhood and kids ?
but the mirror is an inanimate objectirony
Trump saying that Obama does n't have a clue ... ha . whataboutyou GOPDebate
and right after a candidates blows off a question about police brutality and blacklivesmatter .
I just told my uncle to becareful with his salt in take
Threat to a judge who agreed to burn the midnight oil to give a fair chance.Irony dies a thousand deaths .
If u beg what u deserve , u will nvr be happy ... when you get ! of life
Life is ironic . It takes sadness to know happiness , noise to appreciate silence and absence to value presence ironic appreciation yinyang
In the Indian version of Game Of Thrones , religion always wins ! of AccheDin
The funny and ironic thing is after my brothers situation Ive developed Insecurities about…
It 's the only damn saturday game I have this year . Lmao
“ : You 'll love her FB post from last year then - yes what should we pay for/who pays ? auspol
You 'll love her FB post from last year then - yes what should we pay for/who pays ?
would be a shame as Becky is ready to grab a ball , that she slips & amp ; smacks her face on her bowl & amp ; knocks it over . choochoo bb17
I work in theatre and yet I ca n't afford to go to the theatre 😭 I want to take my mama to watch
. made the campaign so long that , by the time we vote , will actually be ready . cdnpoli election2015
So the Bucs started their womensoutreach it 's ironic because they drafte an accused rapist number one overall
Di Maria 's open letter like he has so much respect for the club but does n't turn up for pre-season like he was meant to ...
I 'm a dope writer .
It 's sad what happened to them it 's just amusing where it happened bcz of his reason for leaving Ironic
Vendor emails me about a regression fix failing to make it through code review while and present about testing
So India 's Silicon Valley Bengaluru does not make it to the list of India 's SMART cities project .
Says the 'Truthful ' Labour Party !
A female judge gave him a sentence that allows this RT : Oscar Pristoruis shall be released this ( women ’ s month ? )
when HRD ministers talks abt theatrics kyunki bahu bhi saas ban gayi Sushma SmritiIrani
So the conservatives had a `` watching party '' at the House of Blues in Washington D C. lol . GOPDebate `` projecton '' anyone ? Lol
Do n't you mean lightning ? ? ironic
😂 talk about ironic
. I thought all these religious quacks say we 're on the verge of `` end times '' ? ironic
You made your bed . Lay in it . karma notsorry subtweetsfordays 😂😂
you would do anything to avoid sea time
Its all one big mind fuck . The hand that feeds them cuts it off right before it reaches down to lower classes GOPDebate NoDebate
The best thing about a summer fling is knowing the shits got ta end .
clarksonCa n't believe I 'm gon na miss this . .... I 'll be in the U.S. then ! Ironic
Yo , Scott Walker really just said he 'd let a mother die from a life threatening pregnancy because he 's pro-life OhOkay GOPDebate
While is calling `` the great governor '' , tv is covering e-mails.irony
How ironic that I get to download illinois by exactly to the day that I moved…
In the city that never sleeps and I ca n't fall asleep ironic 😅
Jeremy Corbyn : rich people are happy to pay more tax
The GOP Black Republican did not discuss BlackLivesMatter & amp ; do not believe there is a race problem Republicandebate GOPDebate
jeremykyle guy moaning people judge him for 1st thing they see , his tattoos . he judged people on the colour of their skin racist
Why fake people get to have thousands of followers while I 'm being real and struggling to get mine up in the hundredths ? life facts
in all this : the extremists to both sides . Take more God from this country and see where we are now ? coincidence ? nah
Fox News fair and balanced ironic
Listening to house of pain on my way to work
Pro-Airbnb Advocacy Group Needs A Place To Stay
just died a painful death ! PhotoOfTheYear WickedHumor MMS NaMo INC BJP IndianPolitics Funny
In an interesting aside my band once supported Chesney Hawkes o O and yes he played The One and Only ... twice
GOPdebate , tonight 's GOP debate and AMC decides the air groundhogsday ... much ? Repetitive party jargon ..... Politics
Time Warner is paid a fee with the sale of each official Guy Fawkes Mask . So much for overthrowing power .
Literally experiencing carpal tunnel as I 'm taking notes on carpal tunnel . 😅
One of the local PDs checked a license plate on a Ford Escort . Owner has a warrant for promoting prostitution.Ironyamnewsers
. Silva : the 90 's were the last time Jorge 's boss was pro-American on immigration :
Jon Stewart 's last day the same day as Trump 's presidential debate . gold
The chant I do while breaking eggs for an omelet : “ One little dinosaur , two little dinosaurs , three little dinosaurs . ” evolution
ironic observing everyone looking at their phones . Busy connecting with everyone who is n't in their immediate vicinity . Then here I am too
GOPDebate the catch phrase of the man who speaks of opportunity .
Environmental workers spill a million gallons of waste into Colorado riverirony
My car was stolen 24 hours ago . Now I 'm watching GoneIn60Seconds .
annnnd again , lost on Trump
Well I have no words , & amp ; apparently no smile either .. go figure
My air conditioner overheated
. I reply to collaboration.com & amp ; get `` Account Unknown '' or Stupid fail
If you wannacall me you can , but you 'll never read this so you wo n't . ironic
Fox news is to blame ? ironic
PokoLee MUSIC : Jaxxtown – { } Featured Music Jaxxtown TrendsNG
Becky is saying I think I can I think I can I think I can BB17 ironic
Watching season 5 Greys and Meredith keeps having dreams of Derek dying GreysAnatomy
You will be surprised to see the big number supporting war and war crimes .
too bad it is Apple exclusive .
140 characters minimum . of being a broken record about something that has outlasted the LP by 25 years ?
Why is trying to book a relaxing holiday so stressful ? ✈🍹️😂😭 isntthatironic gettinghysterical gonnaneedaholidayafterthis lol
We closed on a new house today ! ironic
'Immigration without assimilation is invasion ' unlike when colonialist assimilated to Native American values ? ironic bobbyjindalissowhite
Literally the second I posted the tweet about bots on Twitter , a bot retweets and faves that tweet .
IoD why did you use stock pic of a woman to illustrate article on women on boards ?
. will only be remembered for her eat the booty like groceries line that she probably did n't even come up with .
India , a country which is divided by its own regional languages but united by a foreign language . :3
GOPDebate - Quicken Loans Arena for all you Debt Slave - it 's all so fitting aint it ?
The abandoned vehicle in front of my apartment has a license plate that starts with AFK OrTheOtherOne ThanksAlanis Jesus4President
Just another day at office . work music pinkfloyd comebacktolife internationalrelations…
Prefer wearing T-Shirt for work when I have to Rush ...
`` They 're not sending their best . They 're sending their rapists . ''
rarely get good connectivity with the current 3g and you are asking us to take 4g ..
it goes ! I have to say it 's gotten tons better since launching my new service ironic
I feel sad 4 the UK , whilst in Oz our Labour/Greens screeching sympathy for asylum seekers wanting to open our bordersironic
SMH wt ? ? icant RT : When u see it ....
Innocent man dying in prison after 37 yrs of injustice . US attorney named Crooks coerced damning testimony .
We all on tonight Ironic
😳😳 RT : We all on tonight Ironic
infiltration in 50s designed to stop using organisations for 'politics ' .
Republican candidates actually praised Ronald Reagan and condemned the Iran deal in the same breath last night . GOPDebate
Health experts Vs programming experts ... ! GBBO health
StayReal StayStrong CrownUp BiggerHands @ Slossyshouse
- Dr. could n't save a life , ppl blame him & amp ; faith on ALLAH is nowhere.Dr . saves a life , suddenly their faith on ALLAH is awakened .
& gt ; & gt ; That and being envious of the boys at pod already having done the `` movie review '' thing ... long ago .
Days but ... after all I 'm just a girl so what do I know .
is when you rail against marriage equality as a sin while having an affair .
The best part is I 'm 20 feet from an auto parts store that is n't open
U ARE RIGHT ABOUT THE NWA TRAILER DURING THE DEBATE . IRONIC LOL
☝🏻️☝🏻☝🏻☝🏻☝🏻☝🏻☝🏻☝🏻☝🏻Says the guy reading a Rangers story 😂irony FullHouseFriday
Is it just me that finds it ironic you have to use cookies to stop the cookies warning from showing up again ? ironic Web
Bald and figuring out pig tails everyday ... Tell me karma does n't have a sense of humor ironic
Such a warm country ( hot and humid ) and such cold hearts .
All men are born equal but its us who discriminate and judge humans
How Ironic is that ? Nuclear scientists & amp ; officials get a GreenCity While others harmed by uranium mining & amp ; nuclear waste climate
What happens when the IT helpdesk staff need IT help ?
At Kroger for a health screening - gon na have a place that sells Twinkies tell me I 'm fat . It 's like a pusher saying Do n't use drugs .
but , but , we did n't really want what we asked for !
rickperrysucks screwed up . Shocking . bluetexas GOPDebate
So the day there 's no tubestrike and service is 'resumed ' I 'm late for work because of delays & amp ; shitty service ! ironic notetoself
Jeb Bush , who shares the same stupid grin with his brother George , managed to lose out to Donald Trump in a debate . No mean feat .
Joe getting a taste of what it 's like to watch a media assassination of somebody he likes . Not happy about it . MorningJoe
If sticks to economy , debt , terrorism/isis , they can win . Abortion is death .
Was supposed to dd last night , ended up losing every game of beerpong , getting my shirt ripped , and spraining my thumb ironic
`` All that 's left to do is leave '' by just played on my iTunes followed by `` neon light '' by ironic nope
Perrie deleted all the photos with Zayn on her instagram . Very mature perrie 😂
Random Friday of the Week - humour glitch login
The Time Fairy is late for our interview . Ironic
SLATTS are all about the boat life ironic happyplace roseycheeks…
( or ignorance ) is BlackLivesMatter going after BernieSanders instead of Jeb Bush , when Jeb purged up to 90k black votes in 2000 .
💯 it 's been said that `` is the senseofhumor of fate `` hmmmm … heavy | I mean itsallonyou…
ca n't agree more Phil and on his mate Derek 's Birthday ironic
`` Third prize is : you 're fired '' ironic theprescienceofdavidmamet
so fox news complained about the ACA website not working properly but they could n't handle streaming video ironic
Appointing Milner must be about character ironic LFC
Just passed sunbed salon song blasting from within ... '' Just gon na stand here and watch you burn '' 😂😂 ironic
BUT I AM NOT THERE so I will not be able to benefit from it ! maybenextyear
New public transport network advertising on the back of legacy public transport network newyork ironic
So Australia beats the entire score of first innings without loosing a wicket today . ENGvAUS
My time hop told me that grease was on a year ago ... I was wanting to watch it yesterday ... 😂 ironic
ironic that big Repubs donors insist that money is 'free speech ' yet 1 reason for base of Trump support is that 'he cant be bought '
Only in America ... or an Islamic country would this be a headline .
Remind me again which part of Liverpool do u live in ? ? U only followed Thomson the back of their euro heyday 80s ironic
Skates is playing hooky to hang with the kids at the BacktoSchool Kids Fair this morning ! Ironic
We 've already seen the play by Arthur Miller . JustLabelIt what it is : Witchhunt against scientists .
guy who really only tweets Amex offers is annoyed by someone else 's tweets ?
5,000 years ago this water fell as rain ... best before date on cap ! 😆😂 water
It 's going to be the 69th Independence Day and we are banning porn 󾰀󾰀
Hahahahaha ! From the woman that cries racism and homophobia every time someone disagrees PotMeetKettle
Trumpers complain re corruption & amp ; self interest in gov as Trump acknowledged corruption & amp ; self interest w politicians
But si I thought Mint mwenyewe ako tharte kedo and he calling others old
'Following ' people is just a strong word here.We do n't even follow things correctly that need to be followed in our life !
... , says a bully who unleashes a tweet filled with name-calling and nastiness . liberallogic
is waking up , making my beloved read email + FOR THE 2ND TIME my Gold Card was hacked after re-activating Auto-Reload
Everyone is In A Hurry ... But No One Reaches On Time Truth
- a difference between the appearance and the reality .
Cringing scenes of praise of Jon Stewart at the last Daily Show he presented . He did more for Democrats than all their spindoctors .
There is a bird at my feeder this morning who looks like a pirate . gonnafeeditextra birdpirate
a Lizardman who hates the sun ? 'Fair enough ' Discordians
ineedfeminismbecause This is making me mad ( at work ! ) : `` Getting mad at work costs women $ 15,000 ''
Newest/best piece of artwork we 'll ever own . ianelliot art next ironic house mantle blessed…
He rembers the word 'DNA ' but forgot the word Development which MODI Ji said . NitishKumarIsNotBihar
The people that do n't know me , have the most to say about me Ironic
Ironic : a Romney/Ryan bumper sticker that says `` this man will not fail '' next to an Obama `` oops '' sticker . oopsisright politics
The thing u hate the most keeps follow you , , ironic
and funny part is that Umar Cheema is employed by an english newspaper .
. You 're preaching to the choir ...
I 've been watching you tweet all day and it made me laugh when you said we should stop tweeting and start doing .
- it takes SO much Faith to be an atheist .
is the cycle of a trash bag box . In the end , its destroyed by the one thing it protects . deepshit its the cannabis talking
I 'm trying to grow up while my parents are acting childish ironic
People are almost ignoring the fact that the kettle is black and condemning the pot for pointing it out .
Marking theoretically yes , but in reality , despite these handicaps , the lower teams do far better than the epl counterparts.the
In case it wouldnt have been already , I guess ill wear my 49ers hat as ironic festival attire today at Outside Lands
FOX News figure sticks up for women . Now it 's CONSERVATIVES screaming `` FOX NEWS IS NOT FAIR AND BALANCED ! `` irony
AMC If ever there was a show where that term had a different meeting TWD would be it .
Statists overuse words like peace , hope , love on all their graphic t 's , yet they reject the Source of all . ironic
Oh , that irony ... | selfhelp selfdevelopment
African stylists do not know how to handle natural hair ironic
i know me and the boys like to make joke content but this is real life social media marketing folks
My new shirt is made in China ..... ironic
So that was useful to take him away from vika verysmart wta
Was asked to give a speech tonight post-drama production . Forgot all my lines
Data once considered worthless & amp ; trashed is now being collected , saved & amp ; analyzed , creating new opp . for Big Data ! bigdata Ironic
reading ilooklikeaprofessor tweets while ironing my historian dad 's old teaching suit , which I now wear to teach ironing privilege
Little like yours ? ironic
gigi This coming from a guy whose favorite team is coached by Jeff Fisher .
a Tony Parisi just favorited one of my tweets .
eaton10 funny thing is ... I ❤️ peaches ... And I ❤️ booty HowNeatIsThat
Shame even the supposedly British JCB has an Asian engine
I do n't know about that but they state a side effect of taking Belsomra ( suvorexant ) is next day drowsiness ? ! ironic
Literally no one knows how to park at the parks mall ironic
I just spoke with a recruiter OMCChat I love when they call to tell me they 're posting jobs on our CSO site . Where were we ?
I 'm afraid that it deserves an RT . You do understand Yes ? 😋
Single Bellyache Cure ....
The of a national article about a lack of national attention .
ah , is n't that always the way . Besides , is n't tort reform `` regulation ? '' Gee whiz I thought that was bad 😉
Funny that this comes out the same week they shitcan the bike lane on Cleveland .
Bill Maher Realtime returns to HBO tonite . Wonder if he will find any relavant US political news to cover ...
not ironic tweet - need help on a job - please tweet me any important flyers and eagles info happening august - September philadelphia
You start lying to people once you stop lying to yourself ironic
Or in other words ; you need a fucking wake up call . 😂
What if tank and their 1st-round draft pick comes from ?
Saw a girl with `` bad decisions=good stories '' shirt today at walmart .. she had two kids .. of different colors .. ironic
guess listening via online radio had it 's downsides missed that Intended ? Ya think ? LOL in the FOXBOX
I had to wait until we got back to post this .
for real , named her before I even started OTH . But Pontiac Sunfire matches Payton Sawyer 💁🏾 ironic
How funny would it be if he were running as some kind of a tough-as-nails businessman who takes no shit ?
Wait it took last nights debate for conservatives to complain that & amp ; are biased ? ? ?
And North Korea is now literally behind the times .
your opinion is a woman 's only job is to reproduce . I disagree , which of course makes me sexist .
Marx was a deadbeat parasite bumming rides and rent and generally mistreating the worker class . ironic Marxsux
Lovely work here Derek . Had no idea Malcolm was a Kiwi !
if it hits one percent I 'll end up freaking out and running to get a charger
( @ At The Top in Downtown Dubai , Dubai )
The one room where everyone probably approves of 's job performance . INGov
Bernie sanders plan to fix inequality is to promote inequality Ironic
A bunch of loud obnoxious pricks in a bar complaining about the noise of motorcycles leaving the place
Meek in his feelings , yet Drake the emotional one
Just caught a pigeon in a wine bar sober .. 😂 catchapigeon
lol I just talked about yo pic on Insta and see it 's your profile pic on Twitter .
When you get stuck in an egg , you just might be in a pickle .
Highlights : The Rancho Relaxo food truck , and the `` Eastbound and Down '' cover . Particularly because the night was sponsored by Coors .
Be afraid , be very , very afraid . 311 greeninitiative cleancity
Im getting paid to lug around five gallon buckets of water
Could n't resist announcing it on twitter ironic
`` your stupid '' ironic 😄
Congrats .
Clicked FB Ad link , found
If this genXer has to say `` goodbye '' to one more late night talk show host .... separationissues
Is it ironic that LeftoverCrack is playing a sober event ?
& amp ; once again I run into public radio 's most elegant host AFTER a 5 mile run . DianeRehm MustStopMeetingHerAtWholeFoods
Lol . Just saw a fb rant post complaining about people complaining on fb ... smh
They said class was optional , so . . . RT : : Congrats .
So I 'm finally 21 and I ca n't rally like I used to ironic
It 's only been 15 yrs , but we already have the funniest picture of the century ..
How I feel about most clothing marketed to women
is Lost on the Ignorant
Just saw a dead duck on the side of the road next to the Ducks Unlimited conservation project .
mid summer and they tell us to use our hosepipes ! ironic
takes a moment to appreciate the world and lays back in park bench to look at the sky Acorn falls in eye `` Goddammit ! ! ''
. is lost on the Ignorant
I 'm not holding my breath , Jo . Incompetence , inertia and indolence are some of the most powerful forces
chirping me for not following him ... Yet I am and he 's not following me ... ironic fired
Shirt I wore while watching FauxNews GOPDebate TBT thoughtpolice ignoranceisstrength
The of new UK copyright law is the copy on Spotify or iTunes store is an MP3 being COPIED by millions of users . Shock horror !
just to get divorced ... twice
. wants to bill customers for fire . Its gas plant emissions ramp up climate change wildfires
Oh The Glances From The lol likeavirgin madonna pregnant preggo
I like my Tweets like I like my shirts - tag less .
i have to take so many tablets and i 'm the worst at swallowing them , especially when the surgery was on my throat 💊💊💊
Alohhhaaa ! ! So cool that two of my classmates are here . ironic russell paradise 🌴🌺
As an engineer responsible for safety I should n't think this is funny but I ca n't help myself ! vandalism
I 've got access to twitter right now and I 've got nothing to say . ironic
Surprisingly a lot of Steelers fans out in Denver
I tried to give my notice today , but no one from upper management was around for me to give it to .
I try so hard NOT to be like my mother when i grow up and im every spit of her lol .. Ironic
First advert of this break is the money supermarket one . Thats some worthy sexyandheknowsit
I am told w/in 5 mins via email that `` it takes approximately 3-5 business days to become approved '' for registration on a website .
And there we have Dem hypocrisy at work- lecturing about civility whilst name-callingirony tcot PJNET
What to do With the Angry Daughter ? . ironic
Have you ever noticed ...
Also ... most school bells ring in F .
Locked out of a bar by ironic
When members of Wu-Tang rap about nothing people say it 's lyrical and deep . When anyone else does it people call it backpacker rap .
sharp1 you do know what 'sharp ' means in the context you used it in for your handle , right ? smh
I dont have any plans for today aside from watching this entire season thuglife
Anyone else notice that in response to WarOnWomen accusation bullies woman moderator ?
So much technology that people hardly talk these days . And I am tweeting about it .
brooker isitok that the advert came on straight after the segment ironic
ShareACoke with dreamer . nyc newyork
They do n't put their trust in anyone.But then , they question themselves .. Why am I alone ? irony ppl
Her name is Joy ?
Donald Trump probably thinks he has soo much support but it 's really just people being ironic ironic trump2016
The writer did not find this story , but the story found the writer .
24 years on this planet I finally grasp the courage to wear a bikini at the pool , whilst indian iron lady freestyles in full churidar
Justin thinks I ca n't ironically hashtag anymore . I can ironically hashtag all I want . ironic alliwant
at another level . An Atheist named Christian . 😐 ..... 😆
You ca n't always get what you want selfie selfportrait rouge
The karmic of a procrastinator awaiting an important responseprocrastination karma life
A lot saying Manly look stupid 4 sacking Toovey but u have to wonder ; would we b motivated 2 play so well if he had n't been sacked ? ironic
Shabbat shalom ! Grateful to everyone who txtd me after I announced my summer PhD sabbatical & amp ; self-imposed limited phone access ... ; )
a guy from Manchester gets best dish of the day for bbq food ironic rain lions
In 1836 the patent for fire hydrants was destroyed in a fire FunFactFriday ironic fire
the ultimate team game that is driven by one player ironic
Suppose 2B best 2B positive it attracts negative ireallytried
A mermaid in fishnets
Why is it that all the `` How To Read Your Score Report '' examples for the Pearson tests have a failing score ? ironic thanksPearson
Spent most of my day inside because my internet is n't working .
With all the youtube advertisements radio is now killing the video star ironic vendetta
Lol just realized Drake 's from Canada and he 's got most of America going fucking crazy and Meeks just sitting here sucking his thumb ironic
Cricket ? Where humans throw a ball around to each other all day ....... ironic
Went to a different than usual today . Why is it , the nicest cleanest LA Fitness gyms , are the ones NOT in LA ? ironic gym why
Seems like is new PM under training 😕Is n't it ? PTI
your career relies on sexuality and looks . Yet you preach for women to use brains and education to be role models .
Guy wearing a `` practice safe sets '' shirt while his kid runs rampant around him
Posting link after link from GMOFreeUSA and calls science `` Monsanto pr '' .
Keeping it classy ,
Maybe this is true ! ironic
Trump is conservative ?
Wannaknow what 's also ironic everyone .
sad is a very small word ma'am , dis poor contry will stnd on its feet if only 35 % funds r curtaild on these perks ! ! !
Premier league starts today & amp ; my sem break ends tomorrow . BPLkickoff BPL
if only your gluten free bread was as hard as life ironic
Oh ... yeah . Fields ! We forgot to get enough fields . ironic
& amp ; should share `` Eminence Front '' as theme song , in merica
Its so ironic to see a person with glasses remove it to get a clearer view øf something amazing glassoff for BPL
hey betchez , I am in LA right now actually ironic but Taylor , hit me up if u want any grub recommendations !
All kidding aside , do n't you realize Cuckfeld is pro drugs ? ironic
Watching hungergames whilst doing Fasted LISS
Rilke on is so powerful and the rest too.Letters to a young poet summerreading
Those who have watched Bangistan , find Deshmukh is the new Tragedy King !
Anti-porn `` activists '' do n't understand that the more they vilify & amp ; attempt to regulate my profession the more profitable it becomes .
`` You 'll fall in love with someone who 'll not love you back , for not loving someone who did '' .IronyKarma
HitsBlunt 😧😧😧 So ... I was heavy multitasking or whatever ... 👀👀👀is it ironic or is just the…
Do n't make people put in effort . Because given the choice , they wont . via hackers
Would n't it be funny if won republican nomination and GOPs ran 3rd party candidate ?
next . ' can not read ' refers to the fact your article is not accessible as it is for times subscribers only .
namesearching to find the latest in news
Rajiv Gandhi killer Perarivalan is sick . Admitted in `` Rajiv Gandhi '' hospital in Chennai .
Because they 're idiots ! Lavalantula is so fucking hard to say while drunk , which is what the writers were Im guessing . Ironic
Burke Well then , what 's Labor about Burke 's entitlements ? Worse by a mile . EmbarrassedMuch ?
So bikesanddogs and I rode to the snow today and it was rad . The is that this was training…
Moriarty Tribunal report is a casestudy of documents altered , lost , misplaced or simply never recorded by various entities before it .
The woman singing karaoke next to me has a chest tattoo that says `` live and learn '' wausau ironic
My dad just kicked me off FIFA because he said its `` boring '' , he then changes the channel to a western 😂 ironic
ironic a non dancer opening dancing with the Stars
Feminist logic : Men treat women as equals . Women - how dare Trump retweet a fan calling MegynKelly a bimbo ! dualstandard
Indian SafetyGears are Exported to more than 150 countries .. But for Indian Police & amp ; Army Nothing is Spared.MadeInIndiaNotForIndia
china 56 Companies on advisory like k 's others , had IP hacked NB the : ) hardly an example for Australia 2 follow ?
iTunes decided to play `` Maria '' from Sound of Music . Nostalgia IdLikeToSayAWordOnHerBehalf MariaMakesMeLaugh
No matter how much you try , you can fooled by someone somewhere . life
the federal supreme court is federal Sperm court Ethiopia addisabeba AddisAbaba image
A white man wrote a book on keeping foreign people out of the country ? ? ? JebBush
We have so much to love each other for ! Yeah , that 's why we 're planning a war in the meantime . TheLionInWinter TCMParty SUTS
Some people does n't believe in relation but moments ! ! facts
Nick Burbules is a PI at UIUCs National Center on Professional Ethics … does n't say much for the Center 's work arrogance
well there was the 1st team football Garbutt was after ironic
I took there test back in 95 ' ... I loved those Kenworth pumpers . Ironic there old Chief is now my chief . DCFD
Really shocked thAt people think makes a valid point when it 's all contradicting and ironic
British HenHarriers recorded in my 1976 Atlas Last para . is ironic
just retweeted me . I suspect he saw the word glorious alongside his name and missed my attempt at betterlucknexttime
Waking up creased on a ironing board
LMBO
Impressed with the recent update to Garmin Connect for iOS , for it 's simplistic functionality and minimalist design.Irony
Do n't you judge me when you say I am judgemental ? ? life hypocrisy
LOL Without proof lol DMTalk
I hope as you took the cash you said `` Fuck it ''
uni has n't started , yet I know the dates for my exams . 30.11 & amp ; 11.12 Already looking forward to it 😁😁 sociology psychology
mood of the day ! -6 to Holidays ! oasis tumblr britpop ironic liamgallagher
Premier League restarts today on the hottest Saturday of the summer so far . ironic
I thought she was a lying hag ?
Phillipe Seymour Hoffman resembles Andy Warhol but acted as Truman Capote ( in the film Capote ) who Andy Warhol once idolised
I 'm all looking up healthy meals for gains and I have a plate of totinos infront of me
Work by fanakapan and ● London , UK .. fanakapan whoamirony london streetart…
They say AHSHotel is much mor claustrophobic but `` the horror is sneaking out of the hotel '' . ironic we 'll see how will they play this .
The is so bloody thick ...
Lol I was going for
Says the girl who insisted I call her bae on snapchat .
India is a nation when people worry when they see police working efficiently . IndianPolice SelfExperience
The next presentor is talking about negativity and the audience is leaving . how can one not gather.So much for my last tweetssblr
Too many dumb people with `` smart '' phones .
ndtv got showcaused 4 such a frivolous thing.y'day zee that got caught redhanded started a clean media campaign ironic
: The same people who call President Obama `` childish '' , `` immature '' , and `` unprofessional '' praise Donald Trump 's behavior .
The one that wants to stay is n't wearing a United tie ; the one that wants to go is . ironic
This house would make me forget about global sea level rise . Just sayin '
59 even moreso
Watching the eloquent , insightful , entertaining interviews post Ashes success . Football starts today , ca n't wait for the same , doh !
The largest city in the state she represents will be a top two target , living under the threat forever . Ironic
Cheating has got several forms & amp ; cheaters are everywhere ! ! life
Another beautiful section of woodland destroyed to make room for car lot . SoSad
Notausstieg printed on the windows in Greek busses , ouch . Greece Grexit
Woweeeee what an PITTY INDIA
Zoomed past this place on the gin carriage londonginexperience
No ... No ... there 's no in a politician wearing flipflops , right ? ? ? I mean it is summer after all .
is a bitch !
after all our pretty football it 's a set piece which does the damage . ironic swfc
500 a massive knob ... With probably a tiny knob !
`` butt hurt by the truth '' Project much , keith ? !
Haaaaaa ha ! Bharat which is today free from commie ideology is praying for RSS mukt Bharat !
Carly Fiorina goes in top 10 , “ : U.S. candidate Trump defends 'blood ' comment about debate moderator
A little Ironic this am - by Alanis Morissette
1977 Yeah . Cause humans have nothing to do with what 's happening with Roma . It 's all god and what they did to him . Nice spin .
When you crash your boat whilst reading an insurance quote ironic
looks like he deleted the weak and pathetic tweet ( i ca n't see it anymore , at least ) Is n't that kinda weak and pathetic ?
Watched a $ 400 bong smash last night ... the only reason it was out is cause I was talking about how MINE broke ..
`` I am the least arrogant person I know '' - arrogance yeezy
Charm and savoir faire of Toby Young has utterly converted me to the egalitarian results of capitalism . What a guy
definition of a girl in a ilovenature tee running a black dog tied to a bike on hot tarmac in the hot midaysun cruel !
I devoured one yesterday on my way to the train . When texting my sis about it , kept auto-correcting discover to diabetes .
Ha ha . Just been retweeted ( oohmatron ) by xfactorbetting . The the shame .
Just saw a church 's scrolling marquee : `` Pray for our educators , and schools . '' Apparently , the need is quite severe . grammar commas
having an allergic reaction to my allegry medication
Our little Mets fan . JonahBronx
Finally , a $ 9,000 watch that attaches to your AppleWatch lol
but why it is blacked out in seth media like geo and express ? there is no such news on their websites ! Ironic
Abrams Bad ? Too broad ! Is he on the green ? Fairway ? Rough ? Got ta dial it in .
it 's like rain on your wedding day , it 's a free ride when you 've already paid . It 's the good advice , but you just did n't take ironic
( Environmental PROTECTION Agency ) spills 1 million gallons of waste water : the is so strong lol
Oh , well , if billmaher thinks was a jerk , then it MUST be so .
ji wants to bring industries in Bihar by opposing Land aquitison bill ! !
The beauty of buying a cup of tea in England 's first ever coffee house 😂 Oxford
Nice surprise LUCKY 7 30 signs you grew up in Toronto in the 90s As said - IRONIC dontcha think ; )
Fox News gets irate and upset over Trump 's remarks re : Kelly . But they keep quiet when it is Flotus/her girls/Hillary Ironic
`` I love quarter life crisis '' - ckgoessouth raptureplease
In the past many Liberals have called a bimbo ( or worse ) Now they 're defending her honor because Trump calls her that Ironic
1/12 positively abounds today in world of U.S. MSM , not that many ppl R seeing it , though . NPR 's WeekendEdition was agog this AM
Page 51 farmers weekly Syngenta £1.28bn half year profits . Page 52 farmers struggle to make OSR pay ismellarat
Likes the quote : `` Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt . '' via
Not necessary that all painkillers gives u relief from pain ... few gives U more pain than before firstexperience
good defensive showing , not equal offense . mufc Romero
Phew . I 'm going to keep on with 2-3 books a week then . LoveExcusesToDisappearWithABook Ironic
Alt headline : socialists tweet on smartphones made by a evil corp , others pay the bill ...
Only in India , Alerts are given by Media before Govt , While in US Homeland Security issues it
'We love inflatables ' sing the usual morons . They do n't have real girlfriends .
People usually mirror the behavior that they hate the most in others & amp ; they do n't even see it
Thai courts impose 30 year sentence for blogging about their perfect holy godlike royal family . Thai
Darmian and Shaw are going to be our MVP 's this season.Possibly best full backs in EPL.We could actually play 3-5-2 now fml . MUFC
“ When you 're with someone you love , the time flies so fast . And when you 're not together anymore , the time feels so long . ” 😝
Sexist Fox News Contributor Bans Donald Trump From Conference For Sexist Comment
That ’ s what you call
- I find calling out people for being kopites to be very kopitesque
Cinemalaya na pala and I did n't even know . School got in the way . And I go to a film school .
He 's a hypocrite about Union too ? ? ? No way 😱😱😱😱😱
Love that SA ’ s ad for safe driving app is a drag race ! ironic
We hold on a put to Camo and then Poof catches two scores for two breaks ! ! Up 3-0 on Detroit 's Dirty D , but we 're on D ironic
Borough Market on a sunny day boroughmarket sunnyday umbrellas @ Borough Market
trump THE RUDEST SCUMBAG ON THE FACE OF THE EARTH , DEMANDS TO BE `` TREATED NICE '' NRA TEAPARTY FXONEWS
Having elected a dodgy lot who rushed to sell off state assets on the cheap the British public is having a chuckle at Donald Trump .
Stop using apostrophe 's where they do n't belong ! ! ! ! Ha ha ha I am so funny
Security error on - sec cert is only valid on domains
I 've decided to use my power as a Lord to issue a decree that all union jacks may be removed & amp ; used as blood & amp ; piss-cloths .
I found it quite ironic that we saw rainbows on our way to unicorn ! ! ! ! unicornsandrainbows…
I arrive in LA when Jack plays in Manila MyLife
Those who hate you wo n't win unless you hate them . And then you destroy yourself . - Richard M. Nixon ironic
It 's brilliant . Photocopier one is great too . And radio . I love the 1980 's detailing .
Erick Erickson Criticizing Donald Trump for Sexism Killed Forever - Blue Nation Review
Ironic Israel seek WAR cuz Nuclear Weapons , when they practice Apartheid usin Nuclear Power
The national nightly news essentially just reported on how tired everyone is with ... the national news coverage of Trump . fullcircle
is being beaten with your own SelfieStick while onlookers take Photos StartingUnder Douchebag Doosh
Seen on a car parked outside The Source Comics and Games .
Dear Rest of the World : the in Trump 's campaign slogan is n't lost on thinking Americans .
A waterfall in a stagnant pond . FitLifestyle 10000StepsDaily AbstractArt nature
Rev Edward Pinkney Speaks Out : Whirlpool pollutes even as it partners with MLB 's `` Filthiest Play '' FreePinkney
Selling photography of majestic glaciers while drilling the arctic ... ShellNo
Yesterday while at Wrigley , my college catcher from Otterbein sat in front of me Ironic
Of course it wants to rain when I hang a comforter out to dry . ironic weather
“ : Pro SB277 volunteer hospitalized after vax ! HearUs That is sad CDCwhistleblower
still remains the bowler to concede six 6s in an over of intl cricket
Something vague in this pic , I 'm still not sure what it is ! Irony Random
this from the guy who wants to defund one of the largest women 's healthcare providers .
Wedding Chairs on Our Honeymoon jekylisland relax
`` The most serious people '' ! ! Do they even have a name for this level of lack of self-awareness ?
Hilarious to watch leftie liberals getting all wound up about Donald Trump offending John McCain whom they hated only recently .
people that say he ca n't handle her questions obviously ca n't handle his answers ,
Biggest line up at VeganFest- vegan Big Mac ! ! ironic
and THAT , Alanis , is ironic ro23 Eh
Started volunteering at Atii . There 's an app to sign up for shifts . The app makes you pay for volunteering .
deli , asked for sausage bfast burrito . Was told they were all out of sausage . Strange , I thought I was in a grocery store .
Thinking about World of Warcraft . Soundgarden 's Fel on Black Days comes on.Irony
A Canali shop on the very chic Karl Marx St in Minsk , Belarus .
. And yet if were to arrive as a refugee in fear of his life he would be arrested and deported .
Toronto beats the `` Maple Leafs of Baseball '' cepttheYankeesaregood
Anti-Corbyn article in The Times . You have to pay to read it . ironic Vote4Corbyn
Imagine the situation in which Romero keeps performing at this level .. De Gea is not sold and is replaced in the squad .. mufc
over doing EXACTLY what accused him of Arrogance WomanBashing WarOnWomen Ringer ⁉️
Love blackberries , hate the seeds .
How do we know if Ronda Rousey is even a good fighter ? She does n't even have 5 minutes of collective experience in the octagon ... Ironic
Let 's see if FoxNews continues their pro-women movement once Hillary is President .
TeacherPandaMix Starbucks IronicI ’ m not so sure about loving this thing you call
Pic funny as hell ! ! IRONIC ke9v :
`` dysfunctional '' holiday episode 4 : balifamily beach ignore
Remember before the game when Heyneke said he wants to win the game that 's why he did n't change the team SAvARG HeynekeMeyerOut
lawbster Xaliea what was that about comfortable streaming before
A response to `` Dear Instagram Models '' from btw im wearing a dress ! ironic batman dress dnb
Hilarious how fans will call anti board groups 'nobs ' 'mongs ' and 'nob heads ' . But if the groups have a go back its 'mob mentality ' .
caused this ironicSludge from Colorado mine spill flows down river toward New Mexico |
Miggy owed you that ironic
i just linked bad day by fuel now tweting u IRONIC but 4 real cheer up day still early
You tweet about manners & amp ; then launch into a spew of name calling & amp ; judgment ? liberallogic
the answer is yes and no ! LOL this is the govt of shameless ! ! Ironic
Sitting in a car dealership . All the salespeople watching Jaws . Rooting for the shark .
“ Lol RT Jenkins : I just see hella negativity from feminists towards men and that truly bothers me ”
Swatchparty Swatch Swatchoftheday cool arms fun wedding System51 Platin Diamonds 007…
1 hour into surfing today and I get stung by a Sting Ray ... not like I am officiating a wedding later today or anything . fatfoot lol
Oddly enough , BB17 is the only show I watch on .
UK Awesome amount of extra sweetcorn with the pepperoni passion
forgetting your evernote password
Great read at the airport ironic auckland scared whoordersthisstuff
The difference between fiction and reality ? Fiction has to make sense . life reality fiction ironic
First commercial I see when I turn to Hitler and the Nazis documentary titsorauschwitz
12 days in Croatia= Next to no sunburn1 day at M & amp ; D's= Back of my shoulders have been cooked.Da fuq Scotland ? ! ? ! Sunisevil vampire
Top of the `` do not say to adults list '' at our house is the word `` should '' ( I try to avoid it too ! )
. Which gave us a budget surplus ... ( lest we forget ) which begat Bush and the biggest deficits in history .
Wow it hurts that no one asks me if I 'm okHaha am I that good of an actor ? ironic
on FS1 they are showing `` Breakout Stars '' ... and all the players have acne : -/
DonaldTrump upset at how he was treated but has no problem bullying people around the world .
you have my whole heart ? I think not love
I appreciate it . Thank you .
was it your back pocket ?
I 'm to 'expect ' a certain level of abuse in my line of work ... you could n't make it up ! ironic
Just sketching healthy food while I munch on chocolate , with a large glass of red😄 bigartboost twitart art
hey you trump foxnews lovin assholes .hows it feel ? foxbias republicans shout foxnews is biased ! U cant make this shit up !
And the is that keith probably considers himself a feminist !
parking attendant blocking pedestrian traffic takingthestrollerontheroad svmf
those are the only girls u talk to 😂
The wedding photographers . ironic sharmapartyof2
As I see a wild fire the song disco inferno comes on and I hear the words `` burn baby burn '' repeatedly…
`` Ok Who took my Thieves ? '' Did I really just say that ? ironic
I hardly understand what it means ... education in computer geekery is not my forte . Regardless of my current occupation .
Say hello to my little friend ! Praying Mantis on Bug Spray . ironic buglife eatyoheadoff…
So its InternationalCatDay and ironically I found a cat in le garden Ironic WhatAmIDoing
International Cat Day on Caturday caturday internationalcatday
I upgraded my internet speed and lost service for a week on the day of the switch . ironic
Walmart refuses to sell a confederate flag ring to a woman because of a policy ; white people claim Walmart is being racist to whites
is having such horrible internet service that you ca n't even log-on to pay your internet bill . istherenooneelse
Updates Honey25 I have this one .
The `` Save A Tree '' Arbor Day Foundation gave us a free calendar and notepad ..
Everybody Remembers What Happened to Doctor Frankenstein , the Monster He Created Turned On Him , Killing Him ! & amp ; Justice
They used our facility when they were in town . The Steelers got the Silverdome . ironic
I 'm shocked I did n't even know u liked peppers . Really weird tho cuz I hate peppers and I had one today ? ? ? ? ? ? ironic
I feel that walking has become another chore . I do n't think I can go on walking anymore.irony
I saw a car with a Coexist sticker and a Darwin fish on it .
What does Really Really Mean ? !
so , no halftime show tonight ? Did n't see that coming . wellplayed ironic
LockUp Savannah this week is entitled `` Wis-Dumb ''
It 's like RAAAAAAAINNNNN ! ironic burbach kayy2 burgy2
weird that your Alhambra location is out of coffee . disapointed ironic unacceptable
My hot bartender at mellow is wearing a justin Blackmon jersey ironic
How on earth could celebrating a guy who tried to shoot at cops build better relation with cops ? ?
Rinse and Repeat RT This is what socialism looks like
heroin is safe it 's the fentanyl that 's the killer ... ironic or idiotic dumb story global
There is no fun like hipsterfun . Right Leino ? navyjerrys funnyshit
The power looked like it was off at the power of tower ironic
but thanks for exposing your own racism in generalizing based on a tweet by one person . : )
Anyone who watched my rant knows I was NOT talking about Frankie , but the lunatic fans who do what ? THIS BB17
Lifting and working hard for a year . I 've gain lots of muscle and strength and the only thing I 've lost is a cup size PumpingIron
Saturday Egypt won the jumping the high wall competition in Ballsbridge Dublin . ironic
`` Itti Raat means LATE night . Itti Subah means EARLY morning '' - MindBlown
I 'll do it ! Then I 'll be a single black father !
Says the Xtian ..... ironic
Ironically , , should know that a light on at 9:45pm could have just been a controlled timer .
Seagull turns his back on representation , in an ironic rejection of art.art seagull
I Bet He Was Scared , Ran Away Caring Only For His own Survival hahaha ! ! & amp ; Justice God 's Way😉
I know nothing with any certainty but the sight of stars makes me dream iknownolimits
keith `` Nor do you have the right to try and steal the rights of others . `` IronyThat 's EXACTLY what abortion does ! Cc :
If only they were blasting How Soon Is Now ...
she laughed at me .
I just got locked out of the ez pass website . oh the
This . I remember a time when someone wanted to march Crown and not Cadets . devilsadvocate ? ironic
I 've been binge watching episodes of Intervention all day on my DVR
Listen to `` The Less I Know the Better `` by Tame Impala ironic 😁good for your soul .
harper ScotGov financed Gaelic lessons in Dundee.Not many turned up - could n't read the road signs it seems
Uh oh ! Carnage in Aotea ! ironic safety message ...
Let me dat RealLifeTweets while textin a chick name Lee another chick name Lee came by . How ironic is dat
I just love people who unabashedly shout their racism from the rooftops ... Figures it 's a LEO Wife .
Someone got hit by a train . The local news station cut to a street sign that read `` Pancake St '' at the end of the segment : (
raven Funny pic ! ! ke9v :
That word is obviously missing from the liberal dictionary .
`` The entire community needs to stop celebrating blackhats . '' OH in a bar named after the founder of Murder , Inc. Bugsy Siegel . defcon
Writing an article on autism and early intervention for while watching two guys wail on each other . UFC ABA BCBA
I think its great they 're showing ToraToraTora on this channel tomorrow ! SkyStarWars
When you go to the Trotsky museum & amp ; they employ capitalist approaches in their model ; selling memorabilia & amp ; tickets , etc . at its best .
Put in a situation to forget my situation existed .
When you go to Target for one thing and you leave with over $ 100 of goods but forget the one thing you went there for ...
Loving our new $ 5 print of a skiing cowboy .
Frankenstein Lost Control of His Monster He Created Too ! ! Ironic
The hand of Fate.These two tweets appeared back to back in my TL.irony
I find it pretty fitting that there was a lack of run support on Randy Johnson 's number retirement night . 51 arizonadiamondbacks
Its the British taxpayer that pays for the sun to sit in space .
Working on the weekends is much more relaxing
it 's funny . Now I have spare money , the pretty stuff does n't fit . When the pretty stuff did fit I had no money .
I tweeted a funny remark about computer viruses and then this happened
Germany now welcomes immigrants while `` Allied Nations '' are putting up walls & gt ; Weeping for a lost generation
Wait ! i forgot to add the alertconsider it applied^ ^
Sam Mendes in a Bond documentary about when Daniel first got the part . Oops . skyfall
QuitIndiaMovement Then it was for outsiders , today it also applies to insiders . WhatHaveWeDone
one ca n't blame govt n govt organization only . Grow up ppl . Dnt throw kuda everywhere . delhi cleanIndia
attention seeking losers . Report and block.And we are talking about manners .
Ha , I tried spelling the whole thing out n would n't let me . Ironic
Work by placee boe and ● London , UK .. boe placee boe whoamirony london…
Teaching mother tongue to a kid ...
Actual picture from his account : 😏
He is but forgets the fact they buy up all the competitors best players .
Alka got stoned at the anti drug awareness drive
And yet he made one of his blockbuster signings on deadline day , a month after season started !
Some messages will always stay in your drafts.Irony
We 've now got Leigh Matthews giving commentary on hard hits AFLGiantsDons
Wait ... Yo name Diamond & amp ; yo C-Day today too ? ! IronKnee EyeEarnKnee Lol . Happy C-Day tho . Enjoy yo day .
rio1 No . I 'm only pointing out the & amp ; insanity of certain Atheist Unitarians accusing me of blasphemy .
Luna Shabrina : fellin good today , -
Summarises the current situation in an almost real manner
promo for a movie about individuality
UX Hero Comics wo n't download
Any truth in the rumours ?
South Africa ? ? Hilarious
then all moaning about illegal invaders
So , the Republicans are calling out DonaldTrump for Sexism and Misogyny ? ! Wow ! The sheer levels of & amp ; Hypocrisy is staggering .
This music and parade sounds like Communism . SG50Inb4
This tweet is about how I wanted to tweet about how much I hate technology .
I 've been declared old by my dad who is 66 , I 'm going to bed before midnight and he 's up he called me a wuss . aging notfunny
At times we love the person who does n't cares for us and we do n't care for the person who loves us.irony
the guy has two names from 2 very different personalities lol ironic
To think I was there for layun 's first EPL goal ... rooting for .... pero tumuybien Layun aunque Toffees rule .
Goose - Aust Cricket team for that pathetic performance . Guus= Clarke for quitting , could see he was n't up to it anymore ironic
The useful idiots turn on their masters .
marian keep bombing people out of their homes & amp ; wonder why they migrate
If u ask someone r u Hindu or Muslim or Christian and he replies I am hungry ... what a
thomas8 arsenal always have a team full of youngsters and kids 👀👀👀 Ironic WengerIsANonce
it 's cause I 'm the smartest . CmonEWatz
South-Africa awaits you , I 'm sorry for racist comments , that racist persons child loves ur music Ironic
Self-styled `` SO CALLED '' Godwoman Mamtamai Radhe Guru Maa is so down to earth that she travels in a posh Mercedes . ironic India
As in , the opposite of Twitter ... ironic
I am unable to express my rage while playing Halo , due to my headset quitting TeamMidnight and breaking ...
I 've never met an animal I did n't like. , .. people ? ? It 's hard to meet who can measure up to the good nature of animals animallovers
ironic I know I was just thinking the same , why do we have an outdated narrative in 2015 ?
PSA : that means cuddling up to my boyfriend , eating pizza , and watching Lie To Me ironic
yep ! But only with my iphone . I dont trust the waterproof-ness of my Z3 LOL ironic
And for getting married on international cat day ! you'rewelcome 😘
They bought their biggest rivals best players mid season but Scottish football is holding them back lol lol
: : THOSE WHO KNOW LESS , TALK A LOT ! Irony
How much is the EPA going to fine itself for pouring millions of gallons of toxins into the coloradoriver ?
Awks when a white person makes fun of u then tells u off for making fun of white ppl . iknowwhoyouare
Ironically is now a window shopper . bankrupt only ever spend the interest not the principal .
he seems like an angry egotistical fool .
You 're all unique .
Modiji is talking abt someone 's arrogance . committed mass suicide
Turning 24 soon . I had wish that I made somehow better decisions in my earlier 20 's . ironic
We were watching Milind Soman on TV last night and marveling at his fitness at this age ... while enjoying our pizza !
Sir Lalu and Nitish while taunting Modi ji on his Twitter exposure finally resorting to replying him via tweets ; )
Funny I walk past an ex when idontfuckwithyou comes on . ironic perfecttiming quinn caseoftheex
`` India '' actually means `` region of Indus '' And Indus actually lies in Pakistan.Irony
YesToo invasive , The contours of betrayalTo obscure the culture of kindness . Trust AMaterialBargain
Chelski player fakes injury , mourinho blames his physio for falling for it .
Education : Something you expect to land you a job in a nation run by most people who never got any .
did n't David beat Goliath ?
Breaks my heart to hear Irish voices object to helping desperate migrants from war torn/poor countries when we irish did the same
Ironic /How The Republican Debate Undercut Jon Stewart ’ s Final Message via
In listening to a song call `` Half Past Nine '' and it 's IS half past nine . HalfPastNine 😋
Butland is poo Butt
May I introduce ... via nature poetry inspiration wordpress
Hmmmmm , if I only had some scissors .
Insulin is a GMO
is it ok to be proud of your humility ? genuineQuestion
That moment when you are inside a Croma store and more than 100 TV screens starts playing Amazon sale & amp ; great offers on electronics .
& amp ; do n't forget . of UK championing Qadri
My family knows I hate McDonald 's but anytime we get fast food , that 's what everyone wants . ironic
Nothing makes me want to swear more than trying to get the family ready for church .
Roethlisberger is all like huck it , chuck it , Football ! On a bus on my way to Canton Ironic Steelers HOFgame
I just open FB just to check updates from work . And now .. So many things to do , so little time . timemanagement tomorrowisanotherday
Someone found the cloth w/the Decept logo across the street . SeanPrice bootcamp …
The radio played bad blood by Taylor swift and is now playing Katy Perry ironic ? ? ?
Tena MEN ? ? ? ! ! ! ! ! I almost pissed myself laughing that it 's actually a product ..
You 'd rather sleep in a bed full of nails than to sleep in bed of rose full of thorns ... irony
So many smallBizOwners are using same old AdTactics that we have become masters at dodging ironic progressmakers
More evidence that the USA values its children ( not ) ironic
Procrastinating a paper by watching Shia LeBeouf Just Do It videos ironic
The end of Twitter ? Social network 's share price plunges to spark fears
dazmav So , you ca n't refute something I said and change the subject , which is something you accused me of .
basing on the crowd for f ( x ) 's stage , they should hold ( mini ) concerts in China , Europe , America , ... anywhere but Korea
Oops .. now what does this mean ? Is it means to say that there 's a lady in within Gent . lumbinigardenbangalore
to make way for an extension to the Harry Potter shop . ironic
News channels seems to be obsessed with RadheMaa and treating her like celebrity by following her everywhere .
How is California 's driverless car coming along ? Creating artificial intelligence instead of owning the real McCoy ? Is that ?
is never lost on conservatives . They just do n't grasp the concept .
Fitzy let 's hope he does n't bump into Vardy at a casino ! The offensive name calling would never end
Blacklivesmatter disproportionately targeting Bernie Ironic
Yeah , I 've made a list of things I want to do when I do get more time . Will keep me busy
Dogid 1-0 for the long ball team at the Brittania . LFC
Being social with the internet man so you can kick him out and be antisocial and watch Netflix
When our icons tumble history lessons heroes icons
Here I am in one of those funny seaside 'stick your face in the body ' things ... pretending I 'm a dachshund ! 😂 ironic
Stoke are n't enjoying the rough stuff .
Grand Bacardi Tub has to hold Colgate mouthwash . of life !
is talking about 5G ... is boasting about Airtel4G ! Slow TechJetLag
Arsenal fans laughing at chelsea last night
Watched the Bourne Identity last night , & amp ; been thinking of writing an amnesiac story . Now trying to remember if I 've already done one
chap with billy boys in his name talking about sectarianism
2 lesbians just left the pub on a chopper each ! 😂 chopper bike
So I forgot my cell phone at home and actually had to pay attention to the message at church .
And she 's a young black woman .
Or the others trying to get to the WH , especially after that ( R ) debate where nobody mentioned BLM at all .
Combat disruptive technologies with these apps 😆
mars FoReal With an atheist who has compassion ... Ironic
7/27/15 10:37 a.m. A woman was assaulted by her fiancé during their fight over an engagement ring .
tfw an old white man sits between u and a cute girl
Today is a prime example why you do n't talk shit about rival teams that play before you do afc karma
Palying Ironic - WineUpYuhWaist on
This was the last of the princess wrapping paper ...
Thanks schnapple . Thanks
Is n't it ironic , that my boss whatsapped this to me ? 😂 hilarious ironic
On the bright side , we can only go up the league from here werestillgoingtowintheleague
mars FoReal Colossians 3:12 for the bible-thumpers out there .
US only country who continue to cause unabated loss to humanity but they continue to be world 's peace flag bearers and democracy -
Lmao It really is funny ! !
Love me a good selfie RT Irony .. comiccontime bestfriends
Sunday Morning TV thought 12 : Ironic that non-millennial journalists think they can talk about what millennials think/feel without any data
well he laughed at Oxford and throwing him up agains 'Barca ' Then said too many peep make comp to Barca talking ab pool
I think it 's hilarious Castro did everything to make America the bad guy and now classic AmericanCars are the spotlight .
is the sexism only a problem once it affects our own ? On Fox we see anchors of both sexes deride women all the time
Cards have shutout opponents 3 games in a row , yet they will be the ones shutout today . ironic stlcards
why is a man of no integrity commenting on a man of integrity
Monday Copyright Madness : 'Pixels ' DMCA copyright notices took down the studio 's own trailer copdis
True that 's why would be Ironic a Debate Facilitated by what is Supposed to be RightLeaning came AcrossAsLiberralybiased
Oh , because the Devil beat the inferno ?
We have huge egos which get dented easily at the slightest non-issues , we have too much aggression and hatred Karachi freaknation
Why is the favourite beer of the homeless is a beer called TENNANTS ! IRONIC
Utes commenting on a BYU post even though they say we are irrelevant ? MoreHeismansAndMoreNCsThanUtah
up around when BlackLivesMatter is trending .
This protestor chose to wear a crew neck vs turtleneck while championing this message . @ OutsideLands
and they claim to be Americas team ?
our pleasure ! Some of them certainly did , some certainly did n't . But those who did n't , drove us to prove them wrong .
. Are U aware of where tables R turned on Trump heZ one apprentice Prez-hopeful among many Greater if he 's a LOSER
that simply is not true if they cheat . But opponents are just pussies that like 2 call proponents weak !
ironically he tweets about loving jail breaking right before that lolz
The 4 colors most widely associated with HULK Hogan ? Red & amp ; Yellow , Black & amp ; WhiteThe famous lines from the anti-racism Sunday School songIrony
he is stopping at a city that recently mugged a robot . ironic phillyneedshelp
is the perfect hashtag !
Church with the team was great this morning👌🏾😅😂 Contradiction
. No 1 sees where tables turned on Trump & amp ; he becomes 1 apprentice Prez-hopeful among many Greater he winds up LOSER
dazmav Let me help you , here 's what ignorance means
I see that Kings ( aka SARU 's friends ) started Currie Cup with a very good result
I 've taken countless pictures like this . Then again I took those pictures , and am now tweeting you .
wearemediarocks : SpaghettiKing : .ariannahuff Are U aware of where tables R turned on Trump heZ one apprentice Prez-hopeful among ma…
never heard of it until now either .
Paradise Square in Birmingham 2007. brutalist architecture
Bitterness between 2 people joined for life . I used to hear of it before and think it was a myth . The when u actually experience it .
Eric Abetz and Cory Bernardi rack up a bill to attend anti-government waste do CPSUsafeguard ironic
The goal keeper that left Arsenal was Cech and the guy that came to Arsenal is Cake !
Digital pics - click them for cloud , when you are on ground and when you are on cloud , they remain on ground ! !
'Pixels ' copyright notices took down the studio 's own trailer
Would be Ironic CNN Facilitated better Debate then Fox Trump may have had a bad Response Kelly she was Unprofessional
Trump pays $ $ $ to buy establishment politicians but is the darling of voters complaining about establishment politicians .
The assassination of the man who said an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind shifted India 's opinion for capital punishment .
'Pixels ' copyright notices took down the studio 's own trailer irony— Mashable ( mashabl…
'Pixels ' copyright notices took down the studio 's own trailer
. do you not know that us young folk who you are pandering to use this emoji 🍑 to mean ass
says the Armagh man lol
I forgot the hashtag Ironic No one will beat her !
Just saw a tow truck getting towed
... 2/2 NP talking about crossing lines ! ironic
mashable : 'Pixels ' copyright notices took down the studio 's own trailer
Funny how the bible is what leads so many into Apostasy .
oh boy , where 's my meter when I need it
what 's really amazing is that a sexist douchbag can actually compete to become US president potus
He 's asleep ! Except we have to wake him up to keep to his routine .
wearemediarocks : SpaghettiKing : .donlemon No 1 sees where tables turned on Trump & amp ; he becomes 1 apprentice Prez-hopeful among many …
An independent survey says are failing Brent - yet Cllrs tweet that they 're ProudofBrent !
Loving someone for the same reasons you hate them
Oh , boy . Two fuel races in-a-row . I ’ m so excited .
Work had done me in - orthopaedics you hurt my bones !
Trains it 's such a shame that the South West trains offers never include the South West ironic
Currently watching CNN anchors debate whether or not the media is giving too much coverage .
and Padres . Bottom 2 . Jerome Williams pitching . Ad behind home plate on Padres broadcast ? Jerome 's Furniture . Phillies
I worked at an ice cream stand owned by a student 's family . He called me Steve . I called him Mr. Stafford .
The fact that selfie sticks are supposed to help you take a better picture while simultaneously making you look like a dumbass
Ecstatic , but at the same time scared . ironic
When I do n't have my son I never have plans when I do I never have a sitter ironic
Hahaha . This . Certain ppl in our fandom too .
Getting our on .
They do n't care unless it 's them and then they want you to care ironic
People who smoke telling you that you 'll regret your tattoos later on in life ironic
That moment when a Trump supporter calls you delusional . Denial tcot
A `` player '' with a one-sided love . Ja : b Ironic
. No one sees where tables R turned on Trump he is one apprentice Prez-hopeful among many . Greater he winds up LOSER
leaf blowing on a Sunday at city Hall ? What about San Mateo Municipal Code Section 10.80.030 ?
Saw this while on vacation ... Hmmmm ironic cheats deflategate…
Carl0s Says Carlo who is dressed more American than 'New Kids on the Block ' .
Hypocrites . Hypocrites everywhere . anotherday lifeascivilservant Malaysia
Is n't it ironic ? Do n't you think ? ? SingingOutLoud Ironic AlanisMorisette ✌💃
The Facebook sponsored the Debate and most people were talking about it on Twitter
Trust a lecture on the respiratory system to make me super conscious of my breathing outofsightoutofmind doesthiscountasmeditation
My not-so-very Lifeproof case just broke ... sopissed
Provide evidence of where I attacked BS . Show me . Speaking of wrong targets .... ironic
Photo : neversettle for a hashtag in your language . Smh . ( at Chinatown Area )
When `` Devil Went Down To Georgia '' plays at a church festival
not sure this merits the use of the hashtag but point taken
This girl is sleeping in a coffee shop .
the biggest sexpest of them all calling me one
I just went past Pleasant Valley : Home to the State Prison ... irony
So Gary Pert and calling for the DayneSwan clause to be removed from illicit drugs protocols ?
Mumbai ranks 140th on the SwachhBharatRankings inspite of having the richest municipal corporation in Asia . ShangaiStillADream
Is it considered procrastination if you are reading a book on how NOT to procrastinate when writing ? The is overwhelming .
Who would have thought it figures 🎤🎤 Ironic
Lol that I just blew up and 45 Pinterest with ecards about adulthood while I should be asleep for work
released statement yest saying emissions reductions must not involve a carbon pricing scheme . forreal capitalism
Saw this while on vacation ... Hmmmm ironic cheats deflategate
Wow we 're lucky all famous American TV hosts can criticize Obama.Wait , no famous American TV host has ever done that . Ironic
Anyone who labels people as `` zombies '' that can not be reasoned with .. are .. well ... someone that can not be reasoned with .
Bub slept 4 hours . I cooked 5 things and did 2 loads wash. Then remembered need to read Annabel Crabb 's The Wife Drought for MWF15
There ’ s a kind of happiness that comes without trying and I ’ m not back to it yet but I ’ m tryingirony
This reminds me of something
`` Armed struggle to achieve a new form of democracy '' & amp ; the Gandhian principled Cong supports such a candidate . is db
Narset got off to a great start , but stalled out once the table ganged up on me ( deservedly so ) . Ended up scooping to a Narset emblem
Slow-clap.gif RT : 'Pixels ' copyright notices took down the studio 's own trailer
Getting drunk and watching Ken Burns ' PROHIBITION . or alcoholism
Funny how women say fuck the police ... A nigga hits them and the police are the 1st ppl they call
Caitlyn has more balls than Bruce did ... Ironic
India has been the world 's top arms importer for a long time - a fact that makes many glow with pride ! IronyMakeInIndia
The new issue of Runner 's World had two topics that could not have been more timely . ironic
BowDownBernie and kiss the black asses you 've been sucking for the past 40 yrs . ironic
How u think i feel its my birthday and this is the shit thats now associated with it
So true ..... And yet here we are tweeting how it will ruin us ...
Very seriously considering deleting all social media ..... I say on social media .
It 's only in movie that love stories end well ...
Both sting videos currently sitting at 85-90 % thumbs down on YouTube . Taxi drivers quickly accelerating their own demise .
If moves to Massachusetts , you can become a regular at Cheers .
protestor being carried toward police for safety
Apparently nobody made it clear that alllionsmatter to other lions tcot p2 CecilTheLion
👍🏼 good job greatest marketing team ever !
You do realize that you just dropped a spoiler for anyone who has not seen that episode yet , right ?
DJ Mustard plays , everyone sings `` yea I 'm different ''
I emailed my to urge against the Iran Deal , and he replied to me with a form about LGBT discrimination .
I detect
A group called MarriageAll , who want to prevent some people marrying . and WHAT concerns ? And real ones . Not imaginary .
I 'm in the top 1 % of academics on ! independentandproud
When a Democrat signs a peace treaty , & amp ; Corruption are the tools he uses to build a house of war . IranDeal
I was doing a similar thing last night . Red wine and dark chocolate : )
got ta love `` Everyone 's blaming Giroud , are just looking for a scapegoat ? What about Cech ? He should 've saved both of them ''
cart Ted Feces after that story Trey told
and this is just for a car ... while some righteous people apalled at Apple spending & lt ; 1mil US $ to protect its CEO
of course people 's Twitter outbursts are frequently used in recruitment decisions these days ironic
The of this Twitter handle is that I am not a dj but a drone pilot
Community board irony . communityboard latergram FishersIsland FishersIslandNY FINY…
neversettle for a hashtag in your language . Smh . @ Chinatown Area
I hate tijuana flats but we always go there .. maybe it 's not all about you ironic ( jkkjjjjjkk no salt intended )
And to think of all the time we 've wasted while always looking down . vsco vscocam AOV…
QandADid I just hear Josh say , `` Let 's not let the facts get in the road of a good story '' I did n't realise he was so funny ... ironic
the bath bomb is called twilight ... irony
No criminal charges against for stealing money from the commonwealth instead gets a golden handshake qanda
Ok. Kylies gets a ferrari for her 18th from her boyfriend ! The husband doesnt even chip on to my chanel chance perfume ! life
Loving Shine on whilst walking in the rain
Yet when it 's Independence Day in America these guys broadcast it in all it 's glory , all over the world .
I ca n't even though I live there . I am in Houston
I like that the truck that has `` Meteorite '' on the side is the one vehicle that slows down and avoids the crash . Ironic
Southern Now us misogynists can stop hating you ! kidding
Understood . But it 's still ironic is n't it ? Do n't they have tasers out there ? Why so trigger happy in Ferguson ?
Thx by sangría sangria frasi ironia ironic action anguria sandia sandía v…
Man catches woman illegally watching tv in her car by illegally filming her on his phone from his carIrony
podcast with crackpot conspiracy theories . should read theories debunking 9/11 but would ruin his career ironic
Silverton fought Cement Creek Superfund b/c feared stigma would destroy tourism . AnimasRiver GoldKingMine
Definition of IRONYThe passing of RIPDavidNobbs writer of Reggie Perrin & amp ; NetworkRail being find £2M for punctuality issues
clearly U missed my point . Scantily clad women discussing WarOnWomen -
This four is not so fantastic
if he were stuck on train tracks w an oncoming train that same cop would 've risked his life to save him
But I must show off all my skin and cleavage to discuss WarOnWomen - put on a damn sweater
I just climbed a dolphin statue to protest Crane World . ironic
Thank you : 'D but you missed the ironic : p
I call a female a bitch she throws a frying pan . A rapper calls her a bitch and she runnin ' her stank ass to the dance floor .
Biharelection still fought on Poverty , Roads , Electricity and Food since 1947 . Independence
Aasaram Bapu claims Radhe Maa is innocent and the charges on her are false . Look who 's talking ! PartnersInCrime
How would respond to study saying Chinese men 's obesity has doubled ? May I suggest more cycling infrastructure ?
Celebrate mike browns life with stolen weaves . When theres no retail anything left in Ferguson theyll blame the system .
does n't she realize she only has a job because she 's pretty ? Not journalistic integrity ? Oh the
Counseling everyone in the matters of love while i dont even have any love within
hi dude , I could n't unfortunately . Had to many camera bags and tripods in my hands at the time and was heading to a shoot
LOL ! . This is how your sponsored Tweet looks right now . uptime efficiency SCNR ; )
All those who are asking for regulating Social media are the ones who do n't want to regulate main stream media & amp ; opposing NJAC . : )
HillaryClinton charges $ 275,000 to speak at colleges ... will be in newhampshire today to talk about college costs and debt 😧
Irony : Watching romantic movies whilst studying the physical elements of murder lawschool ironic imaweirdo
We play Clemson tonight ! ! And this was me when I was little ... ironic cheerleader
Ironic for the son of Conservative grandee to try and stereo typify others with rhetorical mischief making ?
Definition of working for a power company and having a black out at work ! mylife
You 'll do 98 % right n a girl will still leave u bse of 2 % Ironic 󾌵
Learn Polish and return to education as a specialist TA . Actually , do n't .
Finding motivation on motivational quotes Procrastinates instead
And what he get beat for ? ? ? Hiting his girlfriend
Freedom of speech - as long as you agree with me . If you do n't , you 're intolerant .
Getting my account restricted not sure to be frustrated or pleased I 'm smarter than average punter gambleresponsibly
Horrendous interview on Car crash TV ! Trainwreck
That weary up all night moment that you tell the dog to stop making noise and you realize it 's the hamsteronthewheel ...
JJ has apparently never seen Pirates of the Caribbean . ironic BachelorInParadise jj
Funny moments , clown version . fun funny ironic best wig clown happy smile enjoy color blue…
In my delirium of illness I managed to call Outback grill , Outhouse . D'oh , Food poisoning snafu well done . foodsickness madeafunny
Guess we are n't eating grass anytime soon.Unlike some .... IRONIC
Dear BhaktsHave a Look What 's This Article Says ! The Exportaion Of Your So Called Maa/Gau Maata Is On TopIrony
Anyway , whatever the circumstances ... is n't it ironic
Horrendous interview lorraine itv Trainwreck
Still in shock that put Man Utd on last even though they won ! have a word and restore some order !
well Dunno . Because our quest for pleasure gives them displeasure maybe ? ironic ; )
Vanessa retells biblical stories BB17
UK farmers block roads with their German ( Claas ) machinery to ask public to support UK farming youaskedforit
Why is Donald Trump leading ? He is the soul of the GOP ( a creator ) . I do n't understand why the establishment is shocked . realtalk
Who would ’ ve thought that Alden ’ s biggest break isn ’ t a teleserye or a movie .. But just being himself ?
Sometimes meat repulses me other times i crave it . I can go a month without it but still eat fish , which i know is still a meat . ironic
GOPBeLike You Know , Sometimes War IS Necessary ... and UniteBlue `` Liberals '' Think WE 'RE the Ones Who Are Simpletons ! smh
When a pro-choice person says they hate violence . hypocrite abortionstopsabeatingheart
it 's faster than my home broadband ... only I ca n't get 4G where I live .
When this could be us but you playin comes on in the car 😁😁
59 the bible contradicts itself by genesis 4 and is logically impossible consider
Ah here ... OCD ( robbed off Twitter )
have to fav that cuz
did I really just hear William Humphrey object to a parade because it was about something that happened 40 years ago ?
Packing some boxes before moving and guess what ? I ca n't find duct tape ! It 's awkward cause I buy literally dozens of rolls monthly ironic
The other college choice I had to make was to drop health care so I could afford to get my wisdom teeth removed .
Playing Dota 2 with my little Bro ! Madness ! dota2 hashtag hashtagforfollowers plznohate noticemesenpai !
I hate indirect tweets .
LaPoint ( Doing Laps around town ) : '' WOW ! 96.1 is on a roll tonight ! `` DarkHorse Iris Ironic SemiCharmedLife
Company who promised to stop nuisance calls fined by UK data regulation ICO for nuisance calls privacy
Media which outraged over Thulla remark seems to be comfortable with threat language used by BJP MLA against a female MLA.Irony
When your friends die from drinking and driving and then people `` honor '' them with a drink ...
Yes , this would be his morning view upon waking , Lower Manhattan Financial District .
| CNN : EPA spill : 'The magnitude of it , you ca n't even describe it '
Certificate a network drop inside the `` chiller room '' and is fucking hot . ironic
Are you calling for more police funding to lessen pressure to produce revenues from poor and minority offenders ? Cuz ...
Sometimes I wonder how hard it must be to teach Science in a Catholic school ...
BBC news is widely promoting Hamlet as a result of Benedict Cumberbatch 's very British 'please do n't film me ' protest . Isnt that ironic PR
And gets their own official trailer taken down in the process .
Methinks Stone has yuge misunderstanding of
Killing itself Tonight on
Let 's agree it 's ironic a political party calls itself the `` North Dakota Democratic-Nonpartisan League Party ''
Kinda ironic that communication spells `` communicating '' wrong . editingfail copyediting
I hurt my knee during a victory dance . karma ?
Lol Everyone judges other people except themselves .
Maybe if there caregivers could have been armed it might have been different ?
= & gt ; Ferguson baltimore display how a few `` black lives '' destroy the lives of many blacks . BlackLivesMatter
If you think `` that '' , share on your profile ironic game overload nentichifari
Wow ... EmiliaClarke 's body double on is dating someone from the show ! Khaleesi
Ex-BOE member Eugene Walker -- who sued over his removal -- scolds DeKalb for wasting money on lawyers gapol
Wondering how many angry parents against Sex Education for their kid ( s ) were also teen parents themselves .
also removing Pink/Blue wallpapers as to not be gender specific . Is n't calling Pink `` Girls '' color sexist/gender specific ?
Cleaner , greener Scotland , locked into using more fertiliser , pesticides & amp ; herbicides by turning back on technology . GMO
Erm and of course that should have read THURS 20th August ( not Tues ) for the Kids Fun day at Blandford ... neednewglassesironic
Biggest of the news today : CocaCola fighting obesity . funny CocaCola Obesity
Am i the only one who 's noticed that CaitlynJenner has some serious EricaKane going on ? allmychildren
Unexploded WW2 bomb means I must abandon car & amp ; walk home from taking funeral of lady whose mum died carrying her to air raid shelter
Still waiting for someone to break down the terms on 's 4 year contract .
Read about heteronorm at . Person running survey at the exit : `` Your gender 's obviously male . How old are you ? '' sad
I swear I just saw only a chicken head in the middle of the street
To the , the right to VOTE is sacred , but the right to LIFE is NOT ! Irony DefundPlannedParenthood DefundPP
I can honestly say I feel the exact same way . socialmedia
when you 're driving next to a hearse and `` Born to Die '' comes on
as NGCOA tourney gets temp weather delaygolfpros will be throwing darts when back
I just listened to that with 4 tabs open , while on my emails and phone and pretty much missed the entire thing . ironic
Awesome . Miley Cyrus finally steps up to be the `` moral compass . ''
presente at the DMV ! Watching Adriana 's commercials . ironic puchaluchatrucha unitedwethrive…
It 's difficult to practice `` hating the sin , loving the sinner .. '' until we are practicing it on ourselves ... than its rather simple . ironic
You know who I am . You had my info . You could have called me back ! A phone company dropping calls on their end .
earthquake everyone praying to Allah after a natural disaster . Here 's news believers : your god sent it upon us . Y u praying XD
So cute : does n't get his way-acts like a `` girl '' . Women bleed from vagina and man up . periodsarenotaninsult
Looking for a new job , and one that comes up is Work Study in the Office of Marketing and Communications at Rollins .
Let 's not do this ! chos ironing ironic lol
A psychology study suggests that when you 're single , all you see are happy couples - When you 're committed , you see happy singles .
but take shots in college
Meter expired while I was in the LexPark office , LexPark gave me a ticket
: Ah here ... OCD ( robbed off Twitter ) via TweetCaster
A Lib Pollie stating Donald Trump is offensive.George Brandis ... Tony Abbott ... Chris Pyne ... etcQandA
ironic protecting your PC from viruses with magic crystals ( check the video out as well )
For years I was the jerk telling everyone : No line in the song Ironic is ironic . Then a girl says , `` that 's the irony '' . MIND BLOWN ironic
I do n't have anything to open this with .
Making jokes about cops before walking into restaurant and being sat right next to a table of them ironic
HAHA ! So it looks like women might be the worst misogynists on the interwebz .
Recorded for long-lost One Hit Wonders compilation at the `` Sucked Out '' session -- you ca n't make this stuff up !
4CHANS TOP 50 ALBUMS OF LAST 50 YEARS ... LISTED ON RADDIT LOOOL IRONIC
Kidnapped from Africa , because they are strong and tough . Worked in plantations . Now they 're not your slaves ; they 're weak and lazy . Ironic
59 youve proven nothing . and now continully attack me with ad hominems
Good job , team . EPA spill turns Western river a toxic orange
Sums up nice the place wanderlust tripofalifetime whatanage tobealive borntobealive
- AAP promises 15lac cctvs in Delhi , then AAPKiGundi AlkaLamba is exposed by a cctv.Time for AAP dharna against cctvs now ? LoL
The large influx of people complaining that others are posting/sharing political propaganda ARE the main ones posting it . Sheeple
All the girls who ask for someone different are the same .. ironic
But some may never understand .... .... never
is drawing trees on paper .
Am i supposed to laugh or get serious ?
Just watched a Joe segment on the fact that the GOP candidates are upset that the media only wants to discuss Trump .
ok pls keep me posted . Trying to get more people involved w our coalition . Have you liked us on Facebook ?
Gov taxes cigs hugely ostensibly for health reasons which drives ever more ppl to counterfeit goods which are dangerous fakebritain
Really all that rapping and you doing worse than me . ironic KARMA IMHUMBLE
Korean rapper says Korean rap sucks .
Played an ice breaker with a rabbi . When asked what literary figure he wanted to meet he answered The Little Prince literature love
First time I 'm seeing technical difficulties with during BPL match ! Did n't they just sign a 6 yr deal ? ! ironic BPLonNBC
Seen this ? No one should follow her now . Should have to create a fake account .
Devastating Environmental Accident - CNN : Pollution flowing faster than facts in EPA spill
Car Crashes Coincidences That Are So fortunate That It 's Ironic
Cops think `` obstruction of justice '' is when one questions their calculated injustice
Vanessa ad shelli did so much to ptotect Asstin and the twin twist , all for nothing . bb17
Is n't it ironic when u pop up the shop and 10 CancerResearch canvassers are outside all puffing away 😂
I ca n't think any more abt how technology is messing with our relationships -- except to vent abt on Twitter . toomanytrendpieces
I deeply love these vintage ladies ethel & amp ; frank fashion ironic
Just because you think I subtweet about you does n't mean that I do
Oh aye , be sure it 'proves ' your point if you 're making fun of how folk talk , pet .
Unlike Burnleyfc to splash the cash around . Taken it to a `` whole new level '' splashing those numbers around . They ca n't compete .
Everyone at jury duty today complaining about over AC-ed bldg , 1wk after pledged action vs climate change .
ikea attack Current UK TV ad using a cover of Psychotic Reaction song . Ironic
changed from fastcom hoping is quicker ironic
I 'm eating chips while the speaker from is up . orientation
The country is supposedly against fascism but yet McClean is abused for not wearing a poppy Ironic
Poor Burnley , getting bullied by these big-spending Championship rivals . . .
hello it 's okay for john Collins to say they will win league but not Rangers . West coast of Scotland madness
OH DEAR OH DEAR OH DEAR BBC News - 'Hooded man ' Kevin Hannaway appears in court charged with assisting the IRA
Because this is the way it actually was . : -/Remarkable , it 's miraculous !
Still feel that way ? She 'll have to come back as a fake account .
no berries is just like the movie . Promoting something then not being able to deliver
Bae . The beautiful ones were the most bullied .
Why do shipments go by car and cargo by ship ?
Took the day off to hang out w/ a friend who has Victory Day off . I drove my Japanese car , though . murica
& lt ; & lt ; = This guy must be doing the thing now . The is totally responsible for this mess . is going to fix it !
from the cunt that starts sentences with And ! 42 followers ! Wow
Liven up your day with these 10+ photos which instantly capture the of our everyday lives ...
HollisWealth Story Pod unveiled @ Riverwalk Commons Mayor architect of Newmarket 's hugely underfunded library
Trend ends with an `` end '' , which proves there will be an end to every trend.irony inception entrepreneurtips
yeah plenty , she 's being all smug now tho , since she went crying to the police claiming harassment McCann
I go to read an article on digital marketing and get a 404 error . That 's kinda funny .
Railway I think there must be an to your term `` fast trains '' goSlow delay GroundHogDay
EPA confirms Colorado mine spill contains heavy metals - EPA you caused more damage than BP
it appears the response to my flight delay question has been delayed ironic
And yet I am famous for being able to nap anywhere at any time . ironic cantsleep annoyed
The first thing my mom gets me after my teeth cleaning is iced coffee nice : )
of course I read/tweet that in between meetings ... when I 'm supposed to be on PTO .
24hoursinpolicecustody Because weed is more important than a child ( obviously ) abuse abused
Self obsession is a disease for people who are not self-obsessed , but a blessing for the self-obsessed . Ironic
Seen this ? No one should follow her now . She 'll have to create a fake account .
The Huge Problem With How the GOP Is Defending Megyn Kelly From Trump by via
Vanessa 's word of the day we like to call it BBKARMA BB17
Not sure if anyone else gets the of a radio and for hearing aids .
Girls turn down a guy that lives with his mom but are quick to be on a guy that has a whole woman at home .
Just finished . That episode was shitty .
The big guy upstairs is really trying to test out if I meant what I said , I guess I 'm gon na find out Ironic
Planned to advance `` Gun Control '' agenda , no doubt . Well played .
After a stressful and nerve-racking evening of trying to merge commits to Source Tree .... gamedevproblems
of seeing the world through the scarcitymindset , we extract , consume , hoard or pillage more than we need - creating scarcity .
If I could choose my demise , I 'd drown in a pool , on a cruise ship , in the middle of the ocean
Girl Scouts has no maternity leave .
1 Yup , they could be nice people but US attacked Iraq , so they had to turn to murdering scum .
Gals think that every photo with short dresses make them sexy ! !
RS This is why . She 'll need fake accounts to operate here again .
Did you ever realize the major colors in are red ( blood ) & amp ; black & amp ; blue Ironic
So you 're for militarization of cops but trash soldiers ?
Is n't it ironic to see communities having a park for the dogs but not for the kids ?
NowWatching The Man from U.N.C.L.E .... Two seats down from an awfully opinionated kid with rancid body odor
`` Moral '' Monday ! on I-70
The only thing that 's organized and put together in my life right now is the section of my bookshelf relating to stress disorders ...
Thursday ’ s calendar saying ‘ We never know the worth of water til the well is dry ’ – same day the water problems happened back home ! ironic
Caught out in the rain today with no umbrella ! ironic weather
Get well soon Suisham , but since he 's done for the season , I will volunteer to be the replacement
And finally from the same person also self confessed pro capitalist/double shift working/fake fact believer
So CEO 's of Google and Microsoft and Americans of Indian Origin . While in India , the raging debate is more reservation !
goes out just before comes on air to give me the forecast . chrislove
On my way to visit someone at the hospital I was hit from behind now I 'm at the urgent care and my car is wrecked
oh really because you do too ironic
When TeenNick plays Legally Blonde on your gemela 's first day of law school .
But then , 98 % Muslims vote for the so called 'secular ' parties
Yet you use Twitter
ignorance fuckyou
PMLN turn out to b SexLeauge meanwhile chakri chaudry evacuating foreign sex workersIrony
Funny thing about people who mangle the use of “ myself ” — they think they sound smart . In fact they sound like pretentious dolts .
Frozen shoulder is the worst . Especially if you 're a diabetic . And it 's due to the Diabeetus . DOC
Just met granddaughter of NY Giants great Mel Ott , talking crossword puzzles at a bookstore , all while wearing a Bklyn shirt
3 million gallons of toxic waste spilled by EPA is turning Colorado waters to orange sludge
Amazing 8 days in Cuba . Now stuck on bouncing between FLL and MIA for 4.5+ hours 😡😒😠
omg the twins and Shellie lamenting you are not there and how fun and awesome u are wtf stfu
4 days of hard working out/eating healthy and 4 days of being lazy/eating junk food ironic
green tea rex 12 's photo a tatt nationallazyday should never be on a Monday .
When in Michigan people hate on yet when in Indiana people hate on and ironic midwest best
Oh the of Twitter supported adds right now
PrimeMinister backs parents leaving daughter at service station for 2hrs , claiming its an honestmistake 😂 - not real news , just
A bullseye indeed a bullseye indeed . coinsedence or ironic
conspiracy theorist , Tobacco industry stooge & amp ; serial abuser ( for want of reasoned argument ) does high wire again
11 Tips for Auditions 11 LetItGo : auditioned - they wanted older ... what ! ! ? whoknew
Mexico has a fence on its southern border Ironic
The war begins ! captainamerica ironman civilwar roommates marvel robertdowneyjr…
If I drank Chardonnay this would be my `` It 's a black fly in your Chardonnay '' moment ... Ironic
Got that Nelly/Tim McGraw tune going round in my head , over and over again
A cute face like yours always lives on the safe side of life ironic
Yet another centre Lab . figure inadvertently gives Corbyn more PR . This time : 'Mr PR ' , Alastair Campbell . fb
here 's Trump spokeswoman in NH ironic
Murdoch conspiracy theorists falsely accuse climate researcher of promoting conspiracy
`` Environmental Protection '' Agency . ironic sad EPA
. `` Moral '' Monday ! Ferguson
Funny that GOPDebate are held in quickenloans arena dkpol usdebt dkmedier myfatherwasamailman
MileyCyrus says TaylorSwift is a bad role model ... maybe Miley should check out her Instagram ... hypocrite lmaooo
You look like and idiot when you subtweet . You know who you are .
says the person from Oklahoma .
EPA spill MT : American Well is looking for Inside Sales Mgr , Employer Segment
A shooting breaks out at the Ferguson protest a year after Michael Brown 's death . I do n't even have the words anymore . Ferguson ironic
funny one of my real friends where all we did was talk in person , no tv no phones no bud no booze and u live in Jersey ironic
Alanis Morissette kind of day . ironic
Let 's do that . reds
so brilliant he lets spellcheck get the best of him
Shelli was making fun of Kim K 's ugly cry ... 😂 ironic bb17 shellibb17 Clelli
Why did n't you put this on Instagram with the Rise filter ?
Google Is Restructuring Under a New Company Called Alphabet street couldntfindabettername
One day after JonStewart leaves and IMPLODES Ironic
What 's the odds that Dunkin donuts opened In the old cheap smokes ! Ltown whynotmerge
just had this conversation with a woman from South Africa ... they 're selling out to the Chinese ironic
last album had Forever Young , UnderOneSky has Who Wants to Live Forever ironic
The opposite of Feminists are sexist men.irony
Are you judging judgmental people ? If so , will you have to go with them ? 😭
Using disney cutey princess as profile picture , but expressing a wish of evilness and misfortune to other people .. yuckk ironic
So today we have protestants appealing to Sola Fide to support the authority of the community… . : -/ AMCL15
Having a in a koozie . DrinkAngry
`` POW : unsubscribe from amazon emails . receive confirmation email for unsubscribe . headdesk '' racket
We know it well here in the forestry world ... speak out and stay on it .
So is restored at HQ . We are back online . Our apologies to one of our inconvenienced customers
For years , we read articles on how GE wanted to be more like Google . Well , Google just became more like GE .
ZA If they were n't white , THAT would be racist .
Preserve Tradition by Innovating
Caroline giving Elena advice about grieving in the beginning of s6 😏 ironic TVD
just saw a woman wearing a pink ribbon shirt puffing on a cig ironic
TV - How is it ok to show an ice cream commercial after a Victoria Secret commercial ? NoFair
Everybody is getting tired of being politically correct but somehow want others to be when it 's convenient for them ....
St Louis County Police outside the 911 Hair Salon Ferguson
GOI is asking Nestle to pay 424 crores for damaging health of Indians .. & amp ; u say u r doing everything to boost investment
hahah . Where is the love ? I thought it was love for all ? ironic KhalifaOfIslam
From a photography kickstarter project by about the 1 %
Fooling around with a vegan made me realize they taste really good which also made me want meat in my mouth
it 's 11:11 . The same price as a Sirewich . ironic
German links to Patricia Hernandez Troll Article GamerGate
TIMES Mag oh my . The mother fucking
PornBan ahead of the 69th Independence Day . JustRealized Ironic
“ online : Alert : Could Alphabet ’ s Hidden Link Ironic hidden links manipulating- violation of Guidelines .
You did n't lost the moon , you lost the whole galaxy . But , you wanted space . BadJoke
u do need to cement your legacy she 's your and you 're . ironic
React When pissed on wrestling for being fake when Brock Lesnar was 's biggest draw to date .
youth dont celebrate days now , they celebrate nigths .. YouthDay
Behold , is this the truest definition of ?
What are you supposed to do when a teacher asks your kid to draw a tree and write SaveTrees on a paper ? globalwarming and
You mean like the list you regularly make for atheists ? `` Catholic follow chain '' ?
It 's like rain on your wedding day It 's a free ride when you 've already paid It 's the good advice that you just did n't take ..... Ironic
Guy gets sick in a barBand starts singing `` Annie are you ok '' irony LA
ur such a nerd the
Driving past a sign warning of aggressive drivers only to be passed by two aggressive drivers ironic
When a nigga tries for a girl she do n't want it but when he careless bout her she want it BSW OurGeneration
TBT This was written on a urinal and it means ... '' animal , don not urinate here '' and see how…
Or now `` Alphabet Translate '' ? WhoWouldHaveThunkIt
AV just said she 's not listening to me because I do n't have a medical degree , because she listens to people who have those .
still did n't answer my text ironic
this is too much 😂 ironic
Finally finished installing a dishwasher today . Now to go out to eat and not make dirty dishes ! irony
My computer had a bug . Literally and figuratively . computer bug
Love 's segment complaining about PC culture followed by celebrating the PC outrage of CecilTheLion . SelectiveExposure
all i ever hear is no atmosphere .... Tweeted loudly from the sofa . . I can always be heard home & amp ; away ArsenalSuperFan
yet you tweeted me . ironic
Worked out what the google chrome icon reminded me of all this time google simonsays ironic irony . googlesays
It 's both NationalSmoresDay & amp ; NationalLazyDay , I want the s'more just do n't want to make the effort . Ironic
//Yeah . That 's how most rp is started . Ironic
Asian markets r flying , we were so concerned abt their markets , yet our futures r in the dump
I wannaconceive my first kid on a pull out couch .
you perpetuate negative stereotypes . you might find it ironic but the joke 's on you . you are actually stifling progress .
Mom 's driving us home . starts telling a story . it 's a lesson on being more aware .. Misses our exit . ironic
having a cig while drinking green tea for the antioxidants . im ironic
Cooking simple food is tougher .
I just saw a cop with a headlight out .. ironic ?
Life changing decisions made in few seconds
. slaughtering on this morning . Standing up for the disadvantaged ( and getting a Tory peerage ) .
Having wealth is not everything but surely in times of need & amp ; crisis it proves to be more than everything ! ThinkAboutItMyThinkingIrony
People living here vacation in the city and people in the city dream of vacationing here . Ironic how it all works
- nuisance call blocker fined for making nuisance calls
As a doc , I chose not to get this vaccine and my daughter got intussusception anyway .
loll I saw a You Tube video about this today .
Addicted to this show .
When I said 'contrary ' , I was being literal.irony
What could go wrong ? Japan nuclearpower ironic timing
I just read an article about sleep deprivation caused by technology at 1 am
If you say so ...
TeenWolf All that fire power and they left the guy who 's stealing the bodies closest to the body .
RM3.97 to USD1when u want to make payments to US , foookkkkkk .. Ironic TahniahBN
Big Show : You want me to retire ? ! Find someone to retire me then ! ! ! Cue Ryback 's Theme Raw
Referring to us as `` BernieBots '' is hardly a way to garner support for your demand . Ironic JustSaying
Me and Jack and Erik and Erin called JG Wentworth and left a message with all of us singing their jingle
I do like being ironic
On one side we celebrate reduction in fuel price by rs 2 and on d other side we get excited for `` Rs 3.25 '' bike.irony yamaha
My grandfather sent me this in an email . Democrats GunControl
I really appreciate that the music playing in my snap chat story 'before demo ' is `` 0-100 '' and then the next pic I 'm in the ER .
Its for the birds .... lol ironic
Getting your girlfriend pregnant on a pull out couch
so she was late ? Trying to squeeze past the trucks , maybe ?
life has a funny way of sneaking up on you And life has a funny way of helping you out helping you out ironic
We Indians study hard to get into IIMs and IITs to work for the dropouts of Harvard and Stanford .
How two extreme attracts
When a warden tweets a pic of a big helmet
A 77yrs old Swiss to try to change
Three separate people using the disabled bays at McDonald 's . Their disability is obesity .
Did my Mom just meet Macklemore ? Was it at her antique mall in WA ? ThriftShop ironic CoolGrandma
Might make millions , yet , the majority of India discovers that exists only after Tabloid reports of his marriage to Asin
I will not deign to slanderous name calling.Bitch.😂👸irony
Me older than him by 9 months , means when i was born , taehyung 's mom got pregnant 😂😂😂😂 ironic
Clearly the infrasound has caused an aversion to sunlight.irony
Maybe I should have added
Still u dn hv time to talk ! I better leave u alone with ur work !
christina the color of the contaminated water matches Garden of the Gods scenic views . ironic
I keep losing the materials for the class on ADD that I 'm teaching .
I guess the grass is greener on the other side WikiCaptchascenes Goodkushandalcohol stonerwiki
is n't his favourite show Breaking Bad ? elxn42
I 'm supposed to be at work in 10min but I 'm stuck in an airport ! ! !
Does n't identifying as part of an officially-recognised 'victim-group ' provide one with privilege ? WhitePrivilege racism sexism
will be Aussies seeking asylum because of an uninhabitable , climate-change-ravaged environment . How we 'd eat our words . auspol
Oh the iLoveS ironic QuoteOfTheDay hug
London tube strike announced from 18:30 on 25th August watts looks like we 'll be using londons buses ! ironic
True ? PoliticalExpediency Jeb Bush ’ s Grandfather Was A Founding Member Of Today ’ s Planned Parenthood -
Lol . Says someone who probably voted twice for W .
Annoyed that I have missed most of SpellingBeeAU because husband & amp ; daughter were arguing over spelling homework wecantspell
Hey , body : If you wo n't let me be well enough to drive , supply me with an income source to cover Uber/Lyft charges . suckstobesick
China Just Gave Apple ’ s Biggest Suppliers a Welcome Surprise via Tech Business
|REPLAY| Katch HowieMandel Scopecast TodayShow Periscope
when the army more appreciate JJ than that company
Online paying TWO tickets . Not if they can stop it ! ( time stamp bottom right ) FU OnlyInHelLA
Increasing number of Indians are being made as CEO of tech companies . Yet India is still a developing nation ..
We Indians study hard to get into IIMs and IITs to work for the dropouts of Harvard and Stanford . Kaala Kodumai 󾌮󾌮󾌮
Spot ( you ca n't ) the dashing Cycle Devon bod driving the Mondeo
I wonder if the will protest the EPA like they have the KeystoneXL ?
Woke up to smoke in my room this mornin , my crystal ball reflecting the glare of the sun through the window . Good job I woke up . ironic 🔮☀🔥
So ironic that these ppl see opportunity in everything ...... where else some of yall complain bout everything nyaope
That 's funny . I channel surf to 'The truth about sugar ' and find an ad for frozen Coke .
pretty sure I 'm the one who served you too buddy
i wo n't apologize for doing good journalism says Kelly --
some people need this advice , do n't ya think ? 😂😂
I did a yak about YikYak being more of a laugh when it was n't so heavily censored and it got removed by the moderator lol freepress
RWNJ Oathkeeper who 2nd Amendmented his sons to death thot Ferguson protesters are perpetuating a stereotype .
Named my daughter Adia 5 mths pregnant she passed @ 41 weeks mothertoanangel musicheals
I think ft Melisa should be the next single , You speaking the truth and to everyone especially these MC's👏👏🔥🔥🔥🔥
The Environmental Protection Agency accidentally spilled 3 million gallons of mine waste into the Animas River in CO. government
LIVE on Periscope : Periscope Katch HowieMandel Scopecast TodayShow
Detention for consistent lateness.He is so excited about time with the Headmistress , he is an hour early ... irony
Alert : Could Alphabet ’ s Hidden Link To Hooli Get It Banned In Google ?
In a chemist . The only shop in Venice that does n't sell plague-masks .
Hughes Just seeing your tweet about listening to my interview w Jason Bax while eBaying a Derek Gehl course ... ironic
My wife , a teacher , has to attend a three-hour presentation on ADHD .
is the segment re : Mercedes Benz being built in Iowa , the US Heartland , to be sold in China
Exercise is much more difficult when you weigh an extra 2 stone .
why I could never be a famous gangster rapper LOL madskillz overflowing
. yeah he 's never given teenage West Ham players a start 🙉🙈
Every 60 seconds goes by in Africa one minute . Please help , stop this ! GoodMorning
we are getting stick from a team who signed Rickie lambert ? ( Rondons a baller tho : ( )
We need some uniformity in Khel Ratna awards . If Anil Kumble & amp ; Rahul Dravid are n't khel Ratna thn India shud be a grt sporting nation
LIVE on Periscope : Periscope Katch HowieMandel
The moment you go ohshit the wheels have truly come off ! lol funny f1 torrorosso
Well worth the £17 entrance fee
in the same boat here , nothing nada
For August , that 's surely a win ...
It 's like RAEEEAAAIINNN on your day off ... ( When you work at the beach & amp ; it rains every Tuesday on your day off ) ironic beach rain
Yet you speak on behalf of the ALP.The home of the branch stack.irony auspol
LOL YA FUCKED UP DumbassOfTheYear
Pissed-up piss-take pose ! drunk cousin Sheffield lads
Opinion remains divided over whether the twin attacks were justified
Missed opener at weekend as our possession was 66.6 % . Metal music number 666 ironic EFC
Listening to Matchbox 20 's `` Unwell '' on the way to my mental health appt
After years of refusing jumps in horse shows , our pony has figured out jumping fences is n't so bad PonyEscape DontFenceMeIn
of the week : the over reaction of individuals concerning the `` over reaction '' of a journalist accosted on live TV calmyourself
Hey how many guardians are HOPING for strange coin for nightfalls now ? LMFAO
Today I every time I tried to raise a gender equity concern to a man he interrupted my sentence to assure me there was no issue .
And a paki is asking this question to an indian.IRONIC
Disappointed w/ the acquisition of . Customer service already gone down . Then call dropped b/c I 'm on AT & amp ; T. fail fb
Went to church this morning to Vote on liquor by the drink on Sundays . Ironic Only in the Gee .
Hamlet actor rails against mobile phone use during performance ... to press using phones to record him ! ASAE15
here is one more from Ranbeer Kapoor for today 's rockstars ... ekaur…
Bentley Continental bodies come from the hometown of the Trabant ! Zwickau Volkswagenwerk Zwickau – Wikipedia
It 's early days but this rugby boy is leading the office fantasy football league ! ironic
I really wish this was the season the Jets were on Hard Knocks Enemkpali
Asked to use tweeted image in work report . Photographer said no to 'giving it away ' . Retweeted & amp ; pinned it . Audience of 1000s v c50 .
I agree on the waste , but those with large paychecks see no value in currency
This Breitbart moron - & gt ; has placed me in a silly Winger list called `` Useful Idiots ''
I ca n't make scones to save my life but I make a soda bread that tastes like scones . Go figure ironic
ASAE15 I 'm on shuttle to airport using Twitter to keep up w/ convo on closing keynote on devices assaulting conversation .
very childish act , but funny because you are a Jets fan and your conversation on this morning .
ofc , they play it on the radio all the time on my way to work . ironic
Just heard from Blackwood that the City of Dallas street inspection van is in the shop due to pothole damage ... ,
A full 30s were spent discussing racial issues in the GOP debate followed by a Straight Outta Compton commercial for double the time
So said no NoKardashiansForAWeek and Kim K posts a nude Ironic ... I think not
Burned myself with an oven mitt . Not while using one- the oven mitt itself burned me .
Android is so bad at gmail
Woman on the bus wearing a ratty grey t-shirt with the words `` expensive taste '' printed on it . ( She 's not a hipster btw ) ironic
Geno Smith going on the 'PUP ' list is what could get Mike Vick back in the league
At the barbershop for a back to school haircut and the song on the radio is Alice Cooper 's `` Schools out for summer '' . lovesummer
Was That A Ironic or Just Simply Ironic ? : D Haha
So much interesting articles `` for busy marketers '' in my inbox today . Frankly , i 'm just too busy to read em 'all . Sorry guys and gals !
You had one job , ONE JOB , and it 's even on your name , EPA .It should mean Environmental Poisoning Agency .
So decided to interrupt event even though he is the only candidate to speak against police brutality .
Hospital surgery center and Scientology sharing the same building ? Ironic
Flipmode . Flipmode is the greatest ! xwatchmanx42 : OMG IT 'S TWITTER hashtags VVVVVV FlipMode …
People who couldnt even grow a pair of balls below their penises . Now talk about growing beard , becoming man & amp ; shit ...
Oh ! Awesome ! Visit to learn awesome English ! : - ) english grammar grammarnazi
Ca n't wait for Deadpool . finally a comicbook movie for adults Deadpool endPG12 EndMPAA ImproperRatingskillMoviesNotKids
Mourinho encourages his players to feign extent of injury from tackles and then upset when Eva Carneiro falls for it . chelseafc
as soon as you started to say `` technical difficulties '' my espn radio stream stopped . wififail
btw , your profile pic has 2 faces . ?
Pro '' choice '' people say he was never prochoice because he 's changing his mind & amp ; choosing something different .
When the doctor becomes the patient . Oh , what a day ! PowerThrough .
`` Viwet , you said my name wrong again . '' daphnetweets
Y R ppl losing their noodles abt gender signs removal ? I thought Americans prided selves on NOT being told what 2 do/buy ?
It 's crazy Ice T put out Cop Killa almost 20 years ago and ended up doing SVU playing a cop . Ironic IceCube played a cop too FThePolice
Scholar LOL is right . Are you sure your a member of the LDS church and a scholar of its history ? Because the irony .... irony LDS
Geno Smith injury was so moronic . Now a Harvard product is Jets qb .
if you could drive you would n't have to look so close . And you could run Cameron over . ironic
Is there an in retweeting this ? !
Never question their predictions as they are always correct . PTI did form Gov in KPK , PPP in Sindh & amp ; PMLN in punjab . Ironic
FUCKING AUTOCORRECT . I did not do that on purpose
ironic advice : minimize syntactic complexity .
... is meeting the man of your dreams and then meeting his beautiful wife ... ironic
I campaign against racist discrimination here in Australia . Oddly enough you 're in Africa campaigning FOR discrimination ironic
Because Entrepreneurship is the scourge of poor areas or what ?
Turns out it was actually all about that treble .
I spent a month exercising & amp ; only eating kale so I 'd be beach body ready . And now I ca n't get the next drink in my hand fast enough
Watchin PlusSize doc ' , they 're recruiting models & amp ; just threw aside a 5ft2 & amp ; 5ft4 for being too short.Where 's the love for us ShortGirls
I was watching Jaws on TV when I found out about breaking his jaw jets oops
I went to tweet an interesting stat from a new report by Twitter , and was surprised to see no hashtag on the report . I 'll add one : ironic
Good friends always remains good friends ... best friends become stranger ! ! ! Irony — feeling broken
Is n't it funny how the times & amp ; ideas change ? ironic
OMG IT 'S TWITTER hashtags VVVVVV FlipMode
Store 21 lands in Newport storetwentyone ironic
When a toxic site clean-up attempt goes terribly wrong . Now the Colorado River is the colour of TheSimpsons . ironic
wow , is Sean still around-the anti immigrant bigot w/ the most Irish name imaginable
One day Helen will look back on this day when she gave Ian relationship advice… thearchers
I need a time out to think and utilize nature as it alrdy is , not a blank scroll on twitter .
gray Thank goodness for Google Translate ! isthatirony notsure
Ad blocking up 41 % globally over a year , 48 % in US . Google Chrome users blocked the most tech
You really did it . You wrote an article about frustrating iPhone games and missed How dare you ? !
Assemanand bail would have been opposed , since he wears saffron n he is a Swami his bail will not be opposed .. sanghi
Unfortunately those advocating for women 's right often get aggressive and abusive towards women who disagree to justify there point !
The funny thing is , Colorado spill is exactly what Republicans think corporations should be able to do with our rivers .
Soon AAP will work with Pakistan in fight against terrorism .
Walking into a socialmedia campaign strategy meeting and Chocolate gives me this !
IK Enemkpali told me last year , “ Even if you make mistakes , you have to make mistakes at 100 miles per hour . ''
now what for Google or Alphabet ?
You couldnt have made up this geno smith story up if you tried Jets
my least favorite song on TSwift 's 1989 just happens to be the one that hits closest to home .
Perhaps Rob will be like the Snow Queen , the sliver of ice in his heart melted by Hellon 's love . thearchers
Got a complaint my music was too loud on the job site and as the woman cop pulled up Mrs . Officer by Wayne of course was playing 😂😏
Yes , I made mistakes but…life doesn ’ t come with instructions manual !
This homophobe called me a flake ...
I saw it and was still shaking my head . I am wondering if HE needs handlers . WTF
What a WeirdWorld ! LifeIsStrange FactOfTheDay
When you 're fired from your disability resource center job for having medical tests for a disability ASU ICantEven lol
please sack your Daily Mail reading striking staff and replace them with migrants who actually want to work ironic
just saw a cop texting and driving ironic dontuthink
Watching the first season of power .... smokin on some power
I favorited that as I 'm using a device in the middle of a meeting ...
Mocking GWB ? ! ? YOU voted for the War in Iraq ...
Sadly , there is an apparently homeless person pushing a cart in the background ironic
i 'm so motivated to keep streaming & amp ; speedrunning on my main channel : ) LT
is an eco-landscaping truck not securing their empty water bottles , and losing them all down 95 .
Ca n't see the NO BUSKING sign because she is standing in front of it . ironic
`` After each disaster & amp ; each emergency we face , Fukushima comes back stronger than before . '' -Mutant Flowers GovFracker
is a bitch , or could it be Karma
I just saw a Christian mingle commercial on Logo tv wtf ? ? ? ? ! ironic
Math has friends ! ! Insurance and cinematography ! 🎥💰
The sad of millenial jobsearch is I can make more moolah with hobby skills as a social media specialist than as a designer .
I 'm at the point in my day where I wannashut off my brain . So I 'm gunna listen to tell me about the universe
`` In 1643 , during the English Civil war Rev . Lawrence ( Washington ) was accused as a `` Malignant Royalist '' and `` oft drunk ''
Come the revolution we 'll all have a red soled shoe courtesy of Louboutin in his Che Guevara t-shirt no intended portugal
If you 're going to take a fake candid at least commit to looking like it was actually a candid
Yeah really showing these Accrington boys tonight hcafc
In here knocking iNeedThisMeekBack TheBeat
“ : Abbott dogged by old carbon comment via ”
So you 're going to rant about the pointlessness of social media to me using the platform of Facebook Messenger ?
Pretty ironic that an agency set up to protect could commit such a major FauxPas !
He 's the only one who will drive all the way to her house in the middle of the night while in another favorite girl 's company
d23 too soon , too soon ! TheForceAwakens mysterybox
Just fed my Venus fly trap a spider . Now that , , is ironic . venusflytrap
ICO fines anti nuisance call company for making nuisance calls
Look who followed us home ... Lufthansa
However , we ca n't be together Life 😊
Leon Clarke scoring 2 against Wigan 😂😂 2 more than he ever got for us wafc
He seems to think you 're irrelevant , but is clearly using your MUCH bigger profile to try to increase his own .
Reading this in line at Chipotle .
Liberal -willing to respect or accept behaviour or opinions different from one 's own ; open to new ideas . auspol
layne Hughes you 're bringing up jobs and families when Ferguson is part of the discussion ? ironic
I love reading a guy from Scotland complaining about restaurants !
Photo : Waiting for donations while sizzling under the sun ( 83 degrees ) and forgot to bring water
be which brings us back to figurative language . has the answers you need simile
Kylie Jenner just told Blac Chyna to stop being a moocher . That 's really ironic .
Same name too ! I think I may be getting pranked Ironic
Does it really count as free if you have to pay $ 79.99 ? Not sure I understand ironic elitchgardens
Great . Now if only the folks selling guns illegally will collect that tax ... All will be well .
Guess what , neighbourhood electric 's been switched off so I ca n't even boil the darn stuff ! preston
. You tweet that bike lanes make drivers feel unsafe , then post a photo of a car in the bike lane . See :
Funny how 2 jets got into a fight over an airplane ticket ... 😂 GangGreen hyd
arias brother 's name is mike ironic also I apologize if I spoil it for you
So called peoples club tarnishing my TL .. unicef qatar ironic
Gone from watching chineseschool teachers challenging the welfare state in England to channel4 howtogetacouncilhouse
Well of course they deserve a hug considering they have been such good boys and girls .
Mercedes Benz dealership on the East German side of the Berlin wall .
at its ' best . leagalizedabortion RonaldReagan maybe sometimes we forget
Says women should n't serve because their periods attract animals . Tells female veteran to `` grow up . ''
Here 's the headline from a JI article about Enemkpali last Dec. JetsCamp nyj nfl
I 'm a great writer yet I do n't need to write a book .
1st MLM guerillamarketing vinyl ~ RIP eight CDs for a penny : Columbia House files BK via
JUST got an emailed bill from our local power company and clicked the link to pay it . This happened .
Now they 're speaking perfect English .
elf at least we do n't use those excuses to waste our money , we just waste it ! ironic frombadtoworst
Today I find myself a kinder Bueno ... Or ... Something like that ... tasty buenoalltheway
Caused by the EPA too . And theyre supposed to be protecting the environment . Lol ironic
See the same dogs moaning about how all girls are cunts when they 're the biggest twats off all 😂😂
Sweaty ! pure gym lad gains octothorpe salty foliage
Long warning message in car says to keep eyes on the road ... Requires a confirmation
MegynKelly wo n't apologize for good journalism . Good journalism from FoxNews ? Lol at its finest !
So the day I decide to buy a new water hose and sprinklers is the day Mother Nature decides to bring rain to Houston .
So on the heels of my earlier tweets , someone has STOLEN the doormat to my apartment.And it said `` peace , love , honesty & amp ; truth ''
Just sitting back taking it all in . Shaking my head in wonder
funny ! I too stopped weekday drinking altogether lol ironic
Must Watch TED Talks on The Power of Reading Books edtechBC literacy
It 's weak bc I 'm like the chilliest person ever and never ever had beef with a bitch and I get attacked by hippie ironic
Happened to throw on Patch Adams and realized that it was 1 yr ago today Williams died . Phillip Seymour Hoffman costars . ironic LiveHappy
Which is ... pretty much was McQuaig 's was getting at in the first place .
My cousin is on my same floor in my college hall 😂😅 ironic he 's gon na be overly protective now
They are talking to and I am voting for ironic USA media u TeamBenton ?
Social media chest thumping over who has better Longmont news coverage ? From people who have n't lived in L-town very long .
NYC ~ TOP BOOKINGS ? - POOL ? TOP SECRET ? MrsC BlueDress just HillaryClinton scandal exttant w/ BillClinton cyborg / e-Bill ! OMG
Card Monty I worked there , too .
How funny - people complaining that the poll on FB excludes some people ! hahaha marriagequality
Wow . The person who has never competed in food competitions before , beat everyone else who has . ChoppedGrillMasters chopped
Lol RT : Starting off at the circus
your earth destroying vehicle is hurting the same wilderness that we are going camping in . ironic 😂😂
Ok , yes people consider the place holy , but it was built by sinful people , and sinful people go there to be cleansed of their sins ! Ironic
Not that Bernie is immoderate/radical . He is freaking in the middle on issues according to polls .
I have quite a few screen shots from the tongue twister video , but so far , none of them show tongue .
TA `` and a lot of people who voted for us were going to feel dudded . ''
So I saw this on my Facebook feed . ☔️☔️☔️☔️☔️☔️☔️☔️☔️☔️☔️☔️lol rain whichisit thunder ironic
Realize I could delete prior tweet , but integrity & amp ; suggest otherwise . Nice walk-off , ! Twins
The word `` abbreviation '' is a fairly long word
Soooo I 'm here bumpin Amen X Meek Mill feat Drake goodtimes
I 'm off tomorrow and here I am , going to bed . ironic
ROFLDid n't know Abbott he had such a fine sense of ironyAuspol LNPFail
People still expect voice call in Instant Messaging Era .. ! : |
ironic timing
silently mocking the girl in front of me watching a power step dvd ... then realised i was drinking a protein shake .
Ridge DPT just because you ’ re a doctor you can use Latin no ? How pretentious . adhominem tuquoque
My iPhone and I need to visit a therapist . via nostalgia iphones
Taliban condemn ‘ barbarity ’ of Islamic State ...
If Black men walked into Ferguson similarly attired , they 'd be BLOWN UP . % ThisIsInsane WhereAreThePolice ?
I missed MTVScream . I was busy watching music videos . ironic
Wow . The worst baseball player on the planet is the one who breaks the streak ironic
People wonder how some kids turn out so fucked up ... Maybe we ought to blame those who raised them .. ? irony spoiledchildren theanswer
Everytime there is thunder & amp ; lighting i always remember you .... ironic
her name Eugenie means politeness in Greek 😂
Remember what you deserve . -RT 👩meows ironic
West Ham fans question 's character ... and David Gold decides not to buy . Now there 's a man of character of integrity . ironic
how is it that you liked this song but are critical about my ways of trying to share what i know about being happy ? : )
“ : Practice Snapshot : 25 Days ... preseasonpractice HookEm it 's Texas ..... Doing the oklahoma drill
I always wondered who that was at the battles . Turns out I 've already been following ironic
Starting off at the circus
Like PTI resignations topi drama & amp ; then beg for safe return in Jali Assembly DhobiKaKutta
your welcome have fun and be safe ! ! Get fucked up tho lol
Hey your producers are RUINING these acts . You want true talent but you force all these extra things on each performance . ironic
People love publically hating the Kardashian 's for being famous for no reason yet stay turning up to Dj Khaled singles . ironic
G THE IS THAT SUCH A GT PERSON WAS NOT MADE THE PRESD OF INDIA FOR THE 2ND TERM DUE TO CORRUPT CONGRESSI
We are living in the world where Artificial lemon flavor is used for Welcome Drink and real Lemon used in `` Finger Bowl ''
Haha of course Stephen Drew would be the one the one to end the scoreless streak
Ironic that `` nuance '' has such a clear and precise meaning .
And we did n't expect a pinup girl to make baseless accusations of sexism . SexSells
A semi running over a `` No U-Turn '' sign while taking an illegal U-Turn .
23 NO 's ? And you just know these 23 `` NO '' voters did believe we would land Sergio Ramos , earlier in the window . ironic
Mom wont help me organize until she 's finished complaining to my dad over the phone about how I never want her help what momwhy
I follow so many relationship goals accounts and yet i have n't had a functioning relationship in over a year hahahaha
Decant them now , so I can take my Tupperware , said the neighbour who still has my two baking dishes !
I guess they are tired of shooting at trees .. Ferguson ArmedAndReadyToKill WHEREarethePOLICE ? IsThisAllowed
I have had 4 different English teachers and the one in last level is the one who speaks the worst English ironic
Says the winner ...
`` Children of some lesser gods , these politicians , I meant '' ! ! Qasur
Now with the IranDeal Iran get Billions & amp ; will build Nukes , 2 attack Israel & amp ; America !
A Craft Beer themed account just followed me . Which is funny , because I do n't drink .
: ghost co-writing an article about the importance of hydration , when I was once hospitalized because I was overhydrated
just now seeing this , but it fits for my circumstances tonight .
TerribleExcusesForBeingLate I was 3 days overdue and my water broke !
Austerity for traveling Saffers ...
The same people hate Kobe and the Lakers because of their Greatness lol
Dems have old white man rising in the polls while the GOP has a woman and a man of Cuban heritage rising in the polls .
Once my birthday comes , I 'm gon na be going up on a Tuesday cause my bday is in a Tuesday ironic can'twait
Silent Bob is one of the best interviews ever . 😂😎 I FUCKING LOVE ! ! !
That scary moment when the power randomly goes out in the middle of the horror show your watching 😖 ironic
All suited up and we have this as our view . ironic ijustwanttojump
But actually dreading getting mine in September😶
Originals They nearly went out of business because of budget issues .
God has a Lovely way , he likes teaching us with His Sense of & amp ; Justice . Like the Terrorists that Blew themselves Up.😉😆😎
You 'll be thinking of the Hun , not the Pun .
I have some cheap , Microsoft wired mouse xD
progress , by definition , is change from status quo . Therefore all of the abolitionists were progressive .
Afghan Taleban denounce 'brutal ' ISIS execution video ( HAHA )
Off to find out all about Christmas beauty this morning on what is possibly our only summer 's day
theweeklyironySameSexMarriageAnd then I told them about protecting the children ...
No studies have ever shown evidence that sweeteners harm humans . But there 's a mountain of evidence that sugar is deadly .
report indicates petrol is most expensive in oil producing Bayelsa State where it 's sold at N153/litre .
Every time I open I get the following popup .
Robert Palmer Bad Case of Loving You ( doctor doctor ) afternoontune ironic
There is a fantastic in UKIP loon not being able ( confirmed ) to understand the chart !
khel ratna award is awarded in d name f RajivGandhi If we want 2 honor Dhyanchand d it should b renamed as DhyanchandKhelRatna
Pro-local sugar debate panelists on Italian suits . of killing the cotton industry and wailing to safe the sugar industry .
. Its funny that . American Indians were saying exactly the same thing for decades ! ! ! But u all jst carried on
official was n't long ago the fans were n't happy with the manager !
Payne Obesity is the biggest issue on one continent while the neighbour continent is starving ... ironic crazy
when LTE becomes more reliable than DSL connection ! ironic InternetPH 👎🏼😠
girl leaves windows open over night . bat flies in . girl is a bat carer !
For those of you who do n't know , the name `` Saad '' ( سعد ) is Arabic for happiness , or lucky .
`` aims to have the highest editorial standards '' Very funny . lies EU migration
missing lessons during term . This is what happens ... They get a job at Sky News cenrallondon ? ? ironic
porgy the one NOT in dodger gear is doing the chola stance .. Lol
Kinda ironic how I woke up to this on this day . Love all my brothers when they right wrong up down…
Sometimes you try so hard not to be something you ending up being anyways .
Is it just me or does that look like Charles Manson ?
An Open Access Future for ACM ( Full Text of this article is Premium Content ) openaccess
upgrades to windows 10 , then starts 3 virtual machines with window XP ... oh regression tests i love you so ...
Landowners & amp ; their supporters looking for some balance in land reform debate ..... ourland
Open until 5 today : ) ArtHateAtTate OriginalCollage Poster BillyChildish HarryAdams Antifascism ironic
2 bungee deaths in a month in Spain ? Just when magnetic wireless bungee jumping is being invented.tragic
Great line in `` Creativity , Inc. '' : `` Trying to avoid failure by out-thinking it dooms you to fail. '' -- . tech failure
We get it already , you hate whining bb17 ironic
An eagle taking down a drone . Oh , the
Oops ! They have should have Googled it . LOL ! Ironic
I ca n't stop watching this and yet I 'm supposed to be writing a paper about `` impact ''
Government undermines legal process to improve front-line court services ?
When Mourinho left for Real Eva was still with us
the in pushing for the use of SocialMedia is the fact that those who must use it were never taught how to use it correctly .
MOst pakau speakers getting attention , pindrop silence , not even point of order
I super cleaned my room and closet and now I CA N'T find the gift I bought for my grandma ..
The heart is a fool ; the brain , a critic . The mediator is experience . Listen . ironic life
Walking into a post on the way to the optician ... ironic
Phoenix should trade him for Marcus and a draft pick .
…oops ... violated it 's own rules with Easter Egg . Google GoogleAlphabet Alphabet
Visual aid of the Book of Mormon as the keystone of an arch , but the arch fell apart ... MancIreFSY2015
Also , social media makes them sleep-deprived . excited nervous GiantSodaat MiddleAged
I like gdragon but im afraid of dragonflies
and the `` traditionalists '' , supporters of the status quo , aka slavery , were anti progressive .
Also , ironically , my plant 's name is Cosmos . SethMacFarlane Netflix
Wow so unusual she S half naked for her solo cb ! What a surprise
Being told by two childless relatives that procreation is the only goal of life . wow upon
If ironic means living in Bend with Bachelor as your backdrop , I 'm okay with that ! 😝
Guess this was a great advertisement for Shaffertrucking .. RoadToSuccess No Shortcuts
pay to view 😔
Another day same shit
Reviewer says , Windows 10 runs better than OS X in The MacBook Retina .
d has he crashed into a courthouse lately ? That would be the ultimate
The kid who used to see dead people is old and fat now ironic
Price discriminate based on location : it irks me to see halloumi $ 6.95 City Sq/ $ 5.95 Holland Dr
This has been a long time coming & amp ; Heyneke 's own doing . Had time & amp ; space , but stuck to wrong game plan . ironic
Do n't think of yourself as an Ugly personThink of yourself as a beautiful monkey . Anonymous Philosophy paradox
You sure know how jovial I am . ironic 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫😁 and we ai n't kidding . justdifferent
omg lovin ' the hate . ironic miss you daggggggg ! ! ! & lt ; 3
The song 'shut up & amp ; dance ' makes me want to dance ironic
Jordan fillar made a skate edit to that song .. you were in it 😂 ironic
Do me a flavor ? Do n't say 'Do me a flavor . '
Too busy baking ? greatbritishbakeoff
Why would they play the Food Network and the song Sugar at the dentist ...... ironic
No , no . FACEBOOK is trying to tell you it ’ s passé . Which is hilarious because FB hasn ’ t been a thing for years .
hockey chick English teachers everywhere would be so proud !
This is the person I was compared to last year ... and I dislike her .
lol ironic you realize what you just did there right ?
Ca n't write my article on how to do least squares without a computer for labs cause I do n't have a computer ... realtimechem
Neighbors hardly speak . One person who said Good Morning was a police officer driving by my house . straightoutofburbank ShoutOutDay
When everything falls on the same bloody date it 's so annoying . I finally understand where Alanis Morissette was coming from . Ironic
BB17 watching bigbrotherafterdark why is Shelli so upset about an 8 person alliance ? cause not hers ? 😃😂😃
Someone commented on a post `` Stupidity at IT 'S finest '' . bruuh ironic
Oh the ! !
Just had to use to schedule 3 different times/ways of posting `` I just signed up for ... '' SocialMedia Marketing
of ivory belief that elephant declining rapidly : buy as much ivory as possible before the supply disappears
... which you promptly Tweeted ... ASAE15
A lot of agnostics out there , they just keep to themselves because of all the sheep who pass judgement .
of course I did thetalentedmrchiles
Go to Europe to see - cancelled twice due to broken leg . Finally seeing them today - I 'm in walking cast on floor . fack
I Write The Songs by Barry Manilow was actually written by somebody else .
Because of government subsidies during prohibition wine-grape growing land in California grew from 100,000 to 700,000 acres .
You want love but you fear itIronic
any ; - ) but many of the best were from Scotland/Wales ironic
Love finding original banksy pieces in London shame it 's defaced with graffiti streetart
It 's odd that the experience on the iPhone is a big cut above the experience . Apple and Microsoft being my faves ?
The bodega has an entire wall of cat food but not a single tampon . ironic meow bodega nyc
lol . Linking to TMR and then trying to insinuate I have a problem with critical thinking -
More CalvinandHobbes wisdom ! current Society BillWatterson humor satire GoComics media PopularCulture
Stop subtweeting people god dammit
Despite wearing blue suede shoes , I seem to be losing my sole . puns
Alphabet need a SEO Expert , ca n't find it on google : ) . SEO
it does n't mock the massacre . But best to ban anything you do n't like reading . JeSuisTaliban
Done and done .
Who else thinks it 's weird/cool that 's new single is called Live Forever , when their first No . 1 was If I Die Young ?
I know it sounds crazy , but I suspect the drug war has created the most criminals in the history of the world .
all the seniors from our church got called down to the office ...
PPP trending Zia ruined Pakistan and had been supporting PMLN ( Zia legacy ) all along ....
The more I stayed away from India , the more I learnt about India
Love how a news story about a sexist advert has a huge image of afore mentioned sexist advert !
The food served at the 2014 National Food Safety Conference caused over 100 cases of food poisoning .
When the EPA causes a huge spill of toxic waste
To save the bhatta-khourz and target killers , MQM has resigned to blackmail the PMLN govt and the latter is being black mailed .
Used Apple Pay to buy a banana
When a company owes you , sends final notice & amp ; you ca n't pay as you 're waiting for them to settle their bill ?
Waiting to donate to & amp ; 's BadBlood comes on the radio . Haha . iHopenot ironic
There 's a spider living on my spider plant
Calvin comments on Media and PopularCulture BillWatterson CalvinandHobbes humour satire GoComics
Lol @ Liz calling John boring when she 's only relevant for being part of the twin twist and known as Austin 's obsession bb17
No studies have ever shown evidence that Shoq harms humans . But there 's a mountain of evidence that my passion 4 fashion is deadly .
It 's ironic that school vacations in the US were created around the necessity for child labour .
in the TL SouthParkAMovie
Just found the follow up report on tackling bureaucracy buried under paperwork on my desk .
Wait ... Switched to Chrome to send this tweet .
I 'm also aware of the
BMW owns & amp ; its not selling it to Google tech funny geek nerd google alphabet bmw
Ha ha , I think you forgot to include the person you were replying to …
Armenia 's anti-corruption council accused of lavish spending -
loving my new Windows10 laptop apple
Great bookstore , ironic sign dtla neon bookstore book reading noloitering books…
Trying to watch videos from the ODE on the new state tests . Ca n't watch them because my school 's filter blocks them on my laptop .
I should update my LinkedIn profile for Volunter Experience . It is very unique .
Today we find out who gets to blow up a perfectly good power plant so the recreaplex can pay its power bill ironic savedalhousie
My momma is n't ever home but gets aggy when she has n't seen me
Dasha does n't half do long matches
Billy Derek the reruns were about getting better shoe ratings ironic
Packing for vacation and found my EatMoreKale t-shirt . It 's kind of tight . I guess I need to eat more kale .
I hope so too , hopefully Jose needs ( minor ) medical assistance at some point ...
Just when your income starts reaching a point where food prices dont matter anymore , calories start to matter . life
I 've learned to be a great liar , but a shitty poker player .
grand what about climate change Treason ?
talkin bout being a wolf while sipping a latte & amp ; admitting he played HS tennis
In the light of the recent controversy I 'm happy to announce I will NOT be doing a strip SuperCard episode . Your loss ! 😂 stripfifa
People expect things from you that they are n't even willing to give ...
The majority of blacks incarcerated in prison occured BEFORE the 80s . What 's your excuse now ?
Nurse told me I had tough skin , but then I proceeded to cry once the needle was in .
Over generous with the filling Mary says , despite the fact they asked for a box made of biscuits to put more biscuits in GBBO
Yes , I know I have a typo in there notactualirony
As if it 's been a year since Robin Williams died . Honestly feels like it 's been a few months , if that ! Life is way too short
I 'm an atheist and I go to a Christian college . ironic
The attorney that was deemed too unethical to serve on the Watergate investigation now finds herself the object of investigation .
Lol they 're playing a meek mill song on drakes radio ironic
one of the most destructive people I know working on million dollar things 😂😂😂😂 ironic
Panthers should claim him right now . They can do it under NFL rules , you know .
& lt ; faved from twitter dot com & gt ;
I was at a camp and some girls started choking on a life saver candy and required medical attention ironic BummerCamp
Wild at Heart is a book written for Christian adolescent men . It 's also an adult sex store in Seattle next to Mars Hill
Is n't it Ironic do n't ya think
Neither would I . But the government did n't try the same thing on millions of your fellow people , did they ?
'Economists typically want to dichotomise debates about the Green Belt as all or nothing ' , says the CPRE .
What a convincing argument bigotUKIP
Highlight of the day was sitting in a coffee shop and LOUDLY debating the education system with . FailedHighSchool Ironic
If only Columbus had a hometown newspaper that could report on the shameful severance packages being 'offered ' by the
I just realized I 'm pushing a dog in a stroller & amp ; wearing a Tee that says , `` Who 's laughing MEOW ? '' 😳😂
thefeather a gift from wingsthatfly PS I looked up while rushing to load my car & amp ; saw a Wing Stop restaurant
Niagara Falls needs a good soak dirty
When questions whether our colleges and universities are too PC base on an article from theatlantic , I just blush .
Legal highs that are illegal ? hollyoaks
The Twitter Revolution : sad singularity research
Woman on the train chatting loudly about how irritating Mel and Sue are without realising just how irritating she is GBBO
Meanwhile , pigs would gladly eat human organs , given the chance .
When I want to be left alone people always bother me but when I 'm bored and want company no one is around ironic
grand somehow you must have overlooked the in my initial post
RSmith are you saying questions are important ? how are questions important ? whatever do you mean ? ? ? ?
My mother circled comedian for a job when I was young and now look I am one !
I 'm listening to fallout boy and writing a government paper . ironic
Is that not a radical definition of adhominem ? Attacking the messenger instead of the message : `` mis-information '' ?
WOW GREAT SHOW such a responsive lovely audience . Tonight 's USAFears intelligence everything SALAD ! ! ! ! Aaaahh ! 🍴🍃😁 TriggerHappy
Had to disable JS after 8 attempts to read this article all resulting in ad redirects . ironic
The new single features thorn and is AMAZING . It ’ s called ‘ Disappointing ' lol
Just got a text from a customer . `` Ban on neonics is working . Got stung by bee for the first time in 10 yrs . '' iroNic
Annihilation within 45 minutes , I presume . dodgydossier
ha a guy that looks about 10 talking about 'history ' .. ironic dcfc
in its purest definition .
as per usual , the reviews from bigots horribly mangle the language they demand all immigrants must know perfectly
Stahr milan calling people sluts when he is one ironic
It 's amazing how much fear and hate there is for Corbyn4Leader , staggeringly most seems to come from
write about tech for 35 years & amp ; my best ever response is to a MyLittlePony / Hellraiser / Pinhead mashup
kirsch funny , Bernstein just stated he hates those who think they are the smartest people in the room .
really ?
calls people fanboys . acts like a hater . does n't see they are 2 sides of the same coin .
Lucky for you my mic is off when this happens at .. Ca n't help but jam to Alanis Ironic
perhaps he should only be the assistant manager ?
The way liberally threatens libel actions while claiming to defend free speech is a superb example of
I burned my steel cut oats reading an article by the person who got me into eating them in the first place .
was just about to get out of the car then this came on ! Good choice ! ironic
i forgot it was world elephant day
When you are in a media training session and have to duck out to do 2 media interviews ... atabanff
residing in their egoesthough living in painboth will keep on denyingtheir undying love for each other ..
It seems Govt notice works and also helps getting out of RadiaTapeCase . and singh to debate Sushma speech
Oh the Let 's start with gun control at Whitehouse since guns kill not people !
People will shoot their own neighbor but stop their car to let a turtle pass
Oddly you son then has more hair than DC does now .
Kind of like you when you 've run out of character spaces 😊
Geno Smith 's QB play practically cost Rex Ryan his job in New York . Now Rex Ryan signs the guy who broke Smith 's jaw . Bills Jets
We have 420 followers . I do n't smoke 420. ironic
is bringing a ShopSmall reusable bag into Walmart
An excerpt from Summer Storms . ArtKNB floridamindset
Just passed a one-story business named `` Stair Builders '' .
Jackie and Meg talking about people who do n't do anything bb17
Fuck you doin on IG ? ! Ironic is n't it ? ! NoChill NoLie FOH 👋👋 HappyHumpday RealShit
Day . MADE . 😆👌 Thanks Christie ! ironic
Just saw this phrase on a website about social media : `` Your hear to learn . '' Myheadhurts
It 's so stressful when you 're trying to leave work for vacation to relax !
Voice of America reports on America losing its voice : Cuban Dissidents Will Not Attend US Embassy Flag Raising
In which I neurotically discuss a healthy lifestyle ft. a really cute Frenchie 100DayChallenge
Apparently u can tweet wotever constant rubbish u want . Just dont support or defend celtic twitterpolis
I am sure have GoogleDoodle that belongs to someone else ! NotForSale
Shoutout to 10 for blessing our whole apartment with a cold from hell .
this can only be a chelshit fan . How ironic
The best part of the payola scandal is how they pretend to have ethical standards and a moral compass
This Gandhi ca n't speak 4-5 line in parl by his own and some people call him future of Indian Pol
TomBrady face looks deflated cheaterWhoGotCaught whiney givebackthetrophy
Oh were you also eating a super-sized bacon burger ? merica
bozo mobile maddow is just another word for GOP gaffs like that !
streetViolence usually insighted by powers over trades and interference by authorities Corp by artbitration and takeover parallels
All of movies are flames .... Wait haha Ironic
4-5 lines ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Too much 2 expect . He ca n't even say 'hello ' without being prodded/helped/guided
russia bans reddit because of drug references . how 's that censorship stuff working for you now ?
According to his bumper sticker , `` Jesus Is the Answer '' to my question `` Why Did You Cut Me Off ? '' lateforchurch
I sold jewelry for three years and have no idea what to pair with this dress . nowonderthatfailed
they `` route '' for the Cubs huh ?
Ima hopeless romantic whose scared of love . ironic
Betcha did n't see this coming , Scooter amateurhour phony GovernorDropout
A doll of money ... factonpict theworldwearelivingin blackandwhite whereisthehumanity…
I 'm literally fanning myself with the gas/electricity bill
you want people to experience `` despair in southeast Asia '' and you 're scared of an indiana bridge in a $ 40k van .
When you realize your career is literally history . HTTR
Money is n't everything but you sure do need it for everything ...
Anyone surprised ? RT : RedState Calls Clinton “ Homely Woman ” Who Slept “ Her Way Into Power ”
gadeCowboy Why are n't they blocking traffic when one Ferguson citizen shoots another ? irony
of ironies . `` Bad '' file that 's caused so many issues on my Mac ( currently in intensive care ) is a DS game backup . Called `` Simpsons '' ...
his name is de-Cock ,
your joking , yeah ? Using the whole thing ? If not , I respectfully refute your premise , as one can not follow it 2 conclusion
John Isner getting frustrated because of Vasek 's aces 😂 ownmedecine
I love it when things defiantly work out .
And insomnia pops up on shuffle
I saw a sunflower 🌻 in the middle of Hollywood ironic hollywood painting mixedmedia @ hollywood
I guess this is why we kept the landline : So I could call the cell phone insurance company 7thlevelofcell
When peeps are hypocritical and do n't even realise how wrong they really are 😂
Oh no , Missed the Snowbirds display for an island Women in Technology meeting but worthwhile & lt ; 3 iWIT
Th jQuery course on just crashed Edge . Due to a long running script .
After 2 grueling years to get my MBA ... my brother gets to close the NASDAQ . siblings
I do n't want to be inappropriate at Mom 's Place .
Real Skill : Being a Multi Millionaire when your Business reports losses on a regular basis & amp ; everyone hangs on your every word . Ironic kprs
It 's just weird to me that lives in a house full of FIJI 😂 Ironic
Fire `` any disruption ... will not be tolerated '' think she backs that threat using people holding guns ?
Unpaid UN intern quits Swiss job after uproar over Geneva tent home - the absolute via
How did they know I was coming ? ? ? BP myname lacma ironic awesome
I 'm not really clear on the definition of but does a ad running during an episode of Star Trek TNG on count ?
Meteors ! Is n't it ironic when dreams come true ?
Watching ThePrincessBride on . This came up on my 2yrs ago ! Inconceivable
Very few did . ( You 're addressing some of the few ) And now the biggest critics are those who did n't .
When you B twitpics a pic of KW calling him a Jackass , but his is really the jackass himself by ukuteketisa his wife Kimmy .
News That is total BS ! I click the link to the story abt Robin Williams , but it 's just an ad . Misleading ad for a news app .
talks about control yet cries over pie ? ! happydance ironic
RedLine operator just thanked us for taking `` the best ride in the nation . ''
it 's WorldElephantDay and NationalMiddleChildDay 😁🐘😍 IRONIC
Wonder if meek used a ghostwriter for his shit ?
the soup nazi episode is on tbs on the west coast right now moundball
seriously , what if tonight is the night ? Worst EVER !
Interesting to realize that I 'm my parents ' least favorite child , yet now the only one of us not living hundreds of miles away .
change is constant ironic take it with a grain of salt !
Two words : Robin WilliamsPretty sure he , among others , covered all that stuff . FACT YOUREWRONG
shockingly a friend popped out tonight saw loads and messaged what 's happening ? !
's new safety video is cool ... they did n't even make the bro cover up his Ta Moko on his hand !
stuck between that awful place of not wanting to bug people with my problems , but also not being comfortable posting ambiguous tweets
What 's your number is a great movie because it has both and ... and Pratt 's wife hooking up w/ Evans😂
Retweet when you see the of this photo .
4sucess well look at that . Americas got talent will be there too ironic - theyhadtheirchance 😂
Now watch Werth smack a home run .
buying new laptop battery when current battery unexpectedly dies
I remember when we used to kill that phrase lol
Watching a lifeguard movie ironic
Looks like I could have saved $ 0.80 using uberPOOL ! ironic advertising
Went to go park for my last Radio event , and of course my old news car was waiting there for me .
'Dumb assess ' ? smh
The `` experts '' explain the impact of BlackLivesMatter -
First Cloudy night when there 's a meteor shower ! Sounds like a line from an song 😉 ironic perseidmeteor Perseid
I 'm willing to sign a pledge never to vote for anyone who signs stupid-ass pledges . Lastword
Now if this is n't the epitome of I dunno what is ... Photographer documenting the homeless discovers his ...
American Airlines is carrying the WTC I-beam
I find it slightly `` different '' that a gas station in the ghetto is blaring classical music . ironic ohcincinnati
funny courtroom sketch tomBrady . His face looks deflated .
That moment you actually love the 7:30 class : ) ) )
Nice editing on r4today there : Blair 's beyond the pale warning of Labour annihilation straight into Iraq enquiry .
When people say 'do n't panic ' whilst flapping their arms around & amp ; you are standing as rock solid as a Buddha emergency waterleak
Harvard student loses Facebook internship after pointing out privacy flaws
I really love serious talk with my siblings in a funny way . Hahahahha Ironic SiblingsLove
ve ng er Still actors , cricketers and singers are willing to leave pak to come and stay in India . ! HITMAN
You judged him to be a criminal cause he was black , turns out I 've done triple the crimes he has and I 'm white . ironic stopracism
sits between ignorance and enlightenment .
Master communicator PM is reluctant to speak in LS .. hardly any interventions in 14 months .. Rahul Gandhi is on overdrive ..
No matter what the temperature display is on my phone , the number will most likely always be higher than my battery percentage !
Journalist writes un-researched article on why sharks should be killed & amp ; now complains of online bullying . ironic
Lol the biggest guy in the gym just sneezed like a little girl ironic
bahahahahahaha just goes to show , it ca n't be taught . kidmodel live closet
I could be at Denim tonight or I could be watching the meteor shower but instead here I am at home watching Friends alone ..
Your eye swells up akin to elephant man and you have run out of concealer ... ironic firstworldproblems
the guy who could get bumped off every flight and did n't pay for a YEAR 'S worth of flying ? ! ? ironic
I 'm going to miss Roberto Soldado
Suffolkating Suffolk ! EdSheeran honorarydegree ironic youneedme via
We always say that we never become that type of person , but in fact we all are liars ironic
Sees woman in photo , assumes glamour model . Calls man in photo `` sexist '' .Irony
An A-rated energy efficient LED filament bulb delivered in a vast amount of non-recyclable polystyrene eco ironic
And yet , many pundits are rewarded for being too sensitive to handle trigger warnings . ironic
ARTFINDER : Message on a canvas - Free a kidnapped painter ! - via art painting ironic self help
IndianAndProud : Government takes to the streets to protest against a handful of goons holding the whole Parliament to ransom .
My google chrome most visited sites consists of porn & amp ; feminist sites . ironic
An independenceday without the freedom to use my celphone . pakistan mylife
SVG stands for Scalable Vector Graphics , that 's why makes them blurry and thus useless when you rescale them
`` He ... violated its user agreement when he scraped the site for location data . '' Like Facemash ? ironic
Multi-millionaire connected to F1 complains about high prices .
SaluteSelfie , what would it prove ? Who is the most photogenic person ? I wonder how support to the armed forces would be calculated .
I have one of the comfiest beds I know of and I can only fall asleep in it when I have something to do
8 Tips for Creating the Perfect Instagram Post the infographic got squeezed in .
I love my job and the pressure beyond this profession . : ) HIHIHI : -Pirony mema AppropriationBegetsAppreciation — feeling silly
when the test software has a bug Testing
Too tired to get ready for bed
Drinking at a Tiki bar in Hobart 's August-The South Seas Cocktail Lounge ironic editas TwoGirls discovertasmania
Yep , Demisomething . ? ? While I was tweeting about it . theprojevtTV ains
In latest email , asks us to save paper . First step is to print out this poster .... on paper
I have started to believe that some people really do n't deserve another chance .. irony
You DONT want to string women on yet you are dating multiple women at once ironic somuchdrama thebachelorau bachelorau
Maybe it 's all the Red . If she was in a white saree with a chandan tikka , I think we would be more forgiving . RadheMaa GodWoman
Labour in panic as Socialists join the party - LabourLeadership
IFA What could possibly go wrong ? ☺ bargepole donottouch
murillo but you always put me down ironic
Constantly yawning this morning . Even though I had the best night sleep last night ironic
People who choose Pratibha Patil over Kalam are complaining abt fair appointment based on merits & amp ; credentials
....... My hair is inadvertently the same color as the little pouch I used months ago . karma theuniverserevealsall sigh
that is the point
is when you take your pills to prevent heartburn and they get stuck on the way down ... causing heartburn . feeltheburn
When your dad spends 20 minutes yelling at you to go to bed but he 's one of the reasons you ca n't sleep . ironic
Slap Me With A Splintered Ruler ! Our `` Jagged Little Pill '' gig in Sydney is already halfway sold out . ironic
AD uncertainty Fracking given greenlight
hmmmm ! ! ! ! sickle cell you said ? ? come up so some people could get you more Lolz ! !
Carneiro labelled a 'cheerleader ' by ex-Chelsea doctor ( who is clearly cashing in on publicity ) via
Country whose PM is in the list of top ten terrorists is lecturing us about terrrorism ... RevivePakCinema
DEATH is the most LIFE-Trying experiences ! ! ironicmOrganics
The is Inflation is at an all time low , but my Mom does not think so !
in an attempt to confuse the audience , the writers seems to have confused themselves pll fail
Its not often I say this I 'd rather be listening to the twins and Vanessa but of course its when I ca n't hear them BB17

Gosh , even the money is polluted ! I just do n't know what to say to that India money dirtymoney
You might say it 's addictive .. kind of like meth
I think Lamela 's in trouble w/his tweet . He was sitting pretty & amp ; had control of the situation but then he inexplicably just lost it
16 Of The Most Ironic Moments Ever .
those of us with top marks are poor and working as office slaves
Sadly .. The ugly truth.Fact TrueStory Quotes Life Wisdom Pain Ironic
You are not allowed to use mobile phone ! Why ? It 's Independence Day ! IronyHappyIndependenceDayPakistan
I 'm watching a movie called Comet , about a couple and parallel universes and stuff , while there 's a meteoroid shower going on outside ironic
LolPeople just heard ragababa talk about merit , complaining how Gajendra has none ! IronyPappuSoDuffer !
Trust him , he 's in law enforcement ? Ironic AgentCarter
Lulzzz expressing disdain for capitalism on Twitter
Driving into work iPod on shuffle . fourtyyesrsofmisery comes on . How appropriate .
These posters show the of the Indian Govt ’ s projects to eliminate hunger :
Great piece ? Its absolutely sickening and shits on those who make free speech possible .
A messaging app doing a campaign via promoting messages on Twitter
I like how we refer to these commie news stations as 'state-run ' news , and you act like your not in the tank for one party .
I 'd be surprised if there 's a worse organisation for communicating ironic
Blimey how parliamentarians love to use an act they seek to deny to everyone else IRONIC
I 'm probably too angry to do yoga now , though .
Harvard student loses Facebook internship after pointing out privacy flaws
Favourite beer so far : Stone Pale Ale 2.0 from in California . Subtle hoppiness , smooth taste . GBBF Ironic
anybody else ever notice that the top of cowboy hats/fedoras resemble vulvas ? feminism
BBC News - Ukraine crisis : Why a lack of parts has hamstrung Russia 's military
You are aware that Konami shut down all games bar PES and MGS because they make money ?
This guy has Obama-Hitler handle , with a ConfederateFlag avi and is a Trump supporter . Amazing . is dead .
Tips 4 removing permanent marker from a white board ? Been there 4 abt a year & amp ; says `` Overcoming Obstacles '' . TeacherProbs OCDish
An alternative theory on how some brands succeed in expressive hashtag environments
The `` L '' key is on the right hand side of a standard QWERTY keyboard . ironic LeftHandersDay
My reaction to the last ep , where they were protecting the body TeenWolf ironic
WATCH an Eagle Take Down a Drone ( Eagle is fine )
Black coffee from Dunkin Doughnuts taste like shit . But it 's coffee is still the shit.Oh the
oh fuck them 😂 they say that gaga is obsessed wth madonna but they are more wth gaga 😭 ironic gagarulestheworld monsterlove
of a vehicle with a sign in the back window stating `` baby on board '' weaving in and out of traffic with no regard for safety . ironic
wheels out warmongers Blair & amp ; Straw to claim a socialist will annihilate Labour.Alanis wishes Ironic was still to be written .
As Houston oil jobs get threat , home sales rise in the bayou city . Ironic
bhagat And morons like u without any economic understanding are called intellectuals in india.IRONIC
Bristol does n't do
Soberity has its own high too .
quite clear socialism is the downfall of westerncivilization is it grows promising something and in the end leaves nothing
Oh do n't you know you 're not supposed to allow pre-roll before your campaign ads ?
Nice subtweet m8 ; ) irony
Kasukuwere suspends 18 Gweru councilors for `` gross misconduct and mismanagement '' Of ZPF ? The audacity . Ironic
Watching a commercial for how great wi-fi is ... while my Xfinity internet is down .
Frustrated taxi driver refraining from talking about his city councillors : `` I 'm not getting political because they 're all the same . ''
Harvard student loses Facebook internship after pointing out privacy flaws
“ : In stand-up comedy the only taboo remaining is genuine feeling -- love , tenderness , friendship .... ''
and now ABC gives him a role as a serial killer
cuckservative ? Only ignorant right wingers ca n't hear the caca in cuck .
was driving behind car once with do n't drive close sticker yet mum was in car with kids puffing away windows closed
Response to a discussion . Must be all that salt water . surfers logic
Can we talk about how Flynn became The Librarian because he plagiarized his mother ?
unhumanrights Unpaid UN intern who slept in tent quits after media uproar
It 's `` the dumbest . ''
Some sympathy ? Had I not gone to catholic school I WOULD be a leftie ? Stuck in pergatory ironic lefthandersday
I laughed so hard .
Exposed by a glib and shameless liar ?
If I had a penny for the lies srilankan politicians spoke during elections , I 'd have been a millionaire by now .
1 ) posts an article to FB about rampant Islamophobia being bad.2 ) Dozens of bigots swarm the comments.3 )
The Dartfordcrossing is fucked again . is working really well . GovernmentCashCow
your wright , their is worse grades for English ironic
When a lazy-ass person complains about lazy ppl ! Ironic stfu
Get some for you wall . sheffieldissuper
E4E created by TFA alums to give voice to a profession they did n't think well enough of to stay in themselves
From the guy who blocked me EURef bigotUKIP nodebate UKIP
We need more luxury hotels + Soho needs to be cleaned up - according to one of the heiresses of Paul Raymond empire ironic
Ca n't actually believe I got 100 % in my English exam when I ca n't spell or speak ' proper English ' winning 🎉💃🏼😂
Autocorrect on frowny was grownup . lesigh
Re Carneiro Hazard often throws himself down in or near the box . CryingWolf too many times results in getting what you deserve . ironic
So , uh , this happened yesterday :
Colonoscopy waiting room full of diarrhea of the mouth waiting
These republican candidates are still trying to deny climate change is a real issue , claiming a lack of education is more pressing .
got pulled over for using my phone but was only using it to follow the Periscope of the officer who pulled me over thisisourfuture
Turns out the jeweler 's loupe that will be used to check for fakes inVintage at Eternal Weekend was poorly made in China .
, Symonds & amp ; Buchanan as un-Australian as they come with all the cheap shots
Would like to eat at competing Restaurants , bar Melbourne . Would n't eat there on principle , and guess where I live ? ? Ironic RestaurantRevo
Now this year we 're the ones saying 'teach feminists not to hate men ' and all feminists have to say is : notallfeministsIrony
Says one of the former cabinet members who saw 2.5 million people unemployed
My wellies I ordered online could n't be delivered today because the courier was stuck in the torrential downpours 😂
Almost got hit by an ambulance
Survey on healthcare quality shows half of providers think QI metrics hurt qualityofcare .
Wants to use HRA to protect him Ironic considering it 's the act Govt wants gone
Democracy lets people elect their representatives . Those representatives r not allowed to work by nominated MPs and paid journalists .
59 lol , like you care what the Bible says .
funny coming from a women who has written for the sun , appeared in the apprentice , CBB and im a celebrity !
Harvard student loses Facebook internship after pointing out privacy flaws
So launched a brand called `` BK : British Knights '' as a part of its independence day sale . Freedom
Struggling to dial-in to a webinar on social media best practice because are n't answering me on Twitter
and the victims rights are forgotten hypocrite
why do i have to call to cancel my digital subscription ? the is why printmedia is hurting . getitogether
The Birmingham library was built with £198million . It now ' can not afford to buy new books . '
`` Struggling '' is a weird word .
Bought 3500 shares of $ uwti at $ 1.08 . Hoping for a small bounce tomorrow , 2-5 % for some gas and beer money lol . ironic
Some healing will still be trolled . It 's not even safe to share healing methods .
Dixit from where you get these non sense concepts ? u only can understand . no body has understand u people so far
Saw soo many cars hoisting Pakistan flags . Yet none of them were following traffic rules . 14August IndependenceDay khi .
Funny how people change ironic
When Meek Mill was the reason of Drake takes over the charts .
Lion killed in Africa and hunter is at fault . Person kills another person in America its the guns fault .
It 's hard to talk about one 's self in the first person .
WTF , G-Force Meter in a Mini ?
Won £4 on gee gees . Horse named Skint .
Today I saw a tow truck broken down on the side of the road
Funny , is n't it ? Her book is as white washed as she would like this country to be .
is , in world 's largest democracy people like RahulGandhi is being afford & amp ; beared all around . Shameful GodSaveUs PappuSoDuffer
Babes keep running after guys that does n't want them .... And guys keep maltreating they babes that love them .
So I get out of spinning and switch the radio on to hear 'when my legs do n't work like the used to before ' universe IFeelYouEd
kimdavis married 4x -- oh the Kentucky Clerk ’ s Office Defies Court Order to Issue Same-Sex Marriage Licenses
No -- you coming to GWU ? I 'm meeting in the AM . Ironic Maybe we can catch up soon . You around next week ?
I never thought I 'd say this but I loved , loved BajrangiBhaijaan !
Video of “ Americans trying Portuguese food ” criticised by TV host and cookbook writer Portugal ResidentIrony again ?
author writes for alongside Golden Dawn supporting , Taki Theodoracopulos
Being sat in the manchester mare traffic at this time and Michael buble 's song `` home '' comes on the radio ironic avinamare 😳😫
Coprophagia = dogs eating their own faeces = less requirement for DNA of poo left by lazy dog owners .
I feel really alone today and its wonderful . ironic
Well . Lookit that . A previously abused woman speaks truth to and she ca n't even handle reading it .
stalls turning over server to hide criminal activity . IRAN will stall beyond 24 days to hide nuclear ambitions .
K. Johnson 3-4 and Uribe 1-4 today for Mets . Grounder to Uribe , thrown to Johnson to wrap up 12-3 win .
When `` The Book With No Pictures '' is labeled P for picture book ironic
Hartmann If we just got rid of the things like the AnimasRiverSpill would never happen , right ?
Akbar Bugti Stadium and Independence day celebrations organized by Army
1 ) Blame a natural drought on oil 2 ) Protect the reservoir with 96 million balls made from petroleum .
New quote : Ai n't this the truth of life lifequote loveit lovethis lovequote quote qotd quoteof…
I proclaim myself being an atheist , and then some of my followers turn out to be religious ! atheism religion
Boots owner Alliance 'uses havens to save £1.1bn in corporation tax ' Yet the Independent advertise PHC
It 's perfectly acceptable to have your own opinion , providing it 's a popular opinion and politically correct
Doing what every student does on the day they get the results they wanted , getting dad to drop me off at the pub ☺maturestudent
Fate fickle for Fiorina : Carly the victim of a cruel - Marietta Daily Journal
Everyone go get this album ASAP y'all- it drops at midnight
That last caller exhibits the height of 4 me . He does n't want anyone that 's all about MoneyAndPower ? TheBubbaEffect
typesetting first page of Kindle 's update doc ends on a horrible widow
Tony Blair warns that a prospective Labour leader will annihilate the party ironic
it happens on my laptop . It 's working now , though ! Probably because I pointed it out .
Los Angeles using shade balls filled with water .... to preserve water LosAngeles shadeballs Water
This is one of the most `` Calvinistic '' statements I have ever read .
... unless yours decides to carve something in stone , being ignorant of the diff . btwn primes and quote marks .
epsit2015 Ts playing on their phone during class are being rewarded , while those paying attention are not . nerdalert
Some days you do n't even make enough progress to tweet about ! ! phdchat 72days to draft submission
Would n't it be ironic if took over as host ? ? ?
witnessed a group of guys passionately roaring n screaming , celebratin IndependenceDay near zero point , in a green no . plate car ! irony
Jeb ! and the rest of GOP speak w/o thinking & amp ; believe the rules do n't apply to themselves .
Incr . funding is well known to contractors “ news : Army Reserve Chief Open to Funding By OCO Hike
is listening to spotify and running through iTunes to cancel subscriptions .
A strong candidate for my personal theme song : irony ambivalence
Right - off to physio I go - with a therapist whose surname is pain ? ? hopenot ouch
May the arsonists burn in hell
Funny I dropped outta med school and still had to worry about my patience .
This is disgusting ? Take a look at your profile pic bud . ironic
WHU already done better in this years League Cup than last as they have a bye into the 3rd rnd . Due to their involvement in Europe !
he always used to rant about what you miss when you 're walking along on your phone too 😂 ironic awkward
Is this me alone or anyone else mistook P Chidambaram in tweets as : P Chidambaram ?
What 's - Keeping a reminder on phone every night to soak Almonds badaam Almonds BhulakkadChand ! !
red manc united fans talking about empty seats
I think that they should build a planet fitness where the McDonalds got torn down
the concept art for the Detroit jerseys .... I ca n't be the only one thinking Van Halen 's `` Diver Down '' cover , can I ?
Maria is spot on fans of Boyle ca n't hate on her when they defend him on grounds of free speech !
Impotant leader brought Congress at its lowest who even nt able 2 develop his own territory questioning Modi ji 's power .
elder just like when you other named a lounge after a manager who did jack shite ironic
I thought so , too . I meant to hashtag it ironic but too early . 😉
This taxi driver is hailing me down .
`` Entrepreneurs are willing to work 80 hours a week to avoid working 40 hours a week . '' by via Herzog StartupLife
is completely out of staples right now ... Is this a joke ? okaythen
The guy supporting the guy who stood up for planned parenthood is somehow calling people RINOs . DonaldTrump
The Ford Focus in front of me in the drive thru has been texting so much she did n't realize there 's no one in front of her . Move
Electricity went out in the salon , so they gave me a while I waited . yesplease tothedarkside
Playing the ( equality ) unbelievers at their own game LoveWins marriage
ironic that would fall this way on my newsfeed with sarahstage both gorgeous both amazing
Only straight people argue about who 's gayer than who ironic
I hate going on tinder in public in case people judge me . ironic
when does the Aussie rules start ?
My cat runs away when I try to take her picture .
So I get accused of having rich parents/sugardaddy so I can travel , but they blow their money on latest gadgets , restaurants , etc
lfc cry when Sterling wants to break his contract and are now crying when Mario wants to honour his
Whilst wandering around my brother realised his had noservice talk about ironic
Yes it should only problem is half the people retweeting this support the very regime that put him in jail
John Kerry chastises senior staff at State about leaks - and someone promptly leaks it .
John Bercow : Up to MPs to lift Commons applause ban . A real issue of today 's Democracy .
Whiteside I just wasted my time reading this thanks
A Republican who 'struggled ' to bring about a United Ireland , murdered by Republicans who copper fasten the Union . Ironic
raimondi he did n't want to be a stiff when he came back .
are you sure you 're indecisive ?
A littlebit of in my life .
Spelling fail ! spellingbee Alphabet
TBT to 2010 : Armouries , crawling under barbed wire as volunteers tossed water balloons & amp ; it rained that day ! ironic
Eileenonart : RT AnimalAdvocate : This film was shot at sealifepark oahu Hawaii . Ironic name for hellhole EM…
I have sent more emails today than any day all summer and it 's my first day of vacation . annoyed
Yall be so mad Kylie got work done but be praising that dr Miami nigga
Girls complain bout not finding prince charming but pay 100s to go listen to a women beater
Copyright 1957 from my gandma 's collection love it ! cooking ironic
VeryBritishProblems The finest beaches , great cuisine , beautiful weather & amp ; irony . sundaybest holidays
Brum destroy iconic Central Library then have no money for books for its replacement !
When your kid is out for the evening , so you put on some Missy Elliot and mop the floors . gangstamommy
Grant showed his true colors as President . The USA appropriated Lee 's home for its military cemetery .
HA ! `` Top dog '' islam jihad
I never used to believe in love , and now I ca n't imagine myself without that feeling
The best way to only get green lights is to actually have something to do at a red light .
Police vehicle doing 100+kms in an 80 zone where I got a speeding ticket
Costco has winter coats and Christmas trees on the sales floor . heatwave medhat
Trump2016 GOP Pres candidates lament that they have to run against Millionaire.Irony marries karma .
did you write this on your phone ?
Y R gays going to Christian bakers and purposely putting them in uncomfortable position ? Then complain publicly about ?
Chris Rolfe ... Chicago ....
Definition of 621 - choosing a casual wage for the flexibility , only to be smashed with literally every flu across 2015poor
My favorite thing about `` meninist '' shirts is how the design is a complete rip off of Barbara Kruger 's art
ah , the big city . I had hoped you would say MD & amp ; I would meet your parents at some random Extension meeting
Told the swimmer after the photo .
`` PGA Championship -- K-9 Down ... Sheriff 's Dog Dies in Hot Car '' celebritygossip
Watching the Grinch in the middle of Summer lol 😂 ironic
I was just asked by one of my closest friends to officiate her wedding with her partner . I 'm going to become a minister . ironic wedding
I retweeted this
awesome icons celebs and talkingheads on a prayercandle and satire we gottaloveit beware falseidols 😉
Transhumanists purport about the obsolescence of the human body , yet they use Adobe Flash on their website ?
Also , your copy of my poetry book came in today . Same day as your book signing . ironic authorstatus
done it several times unregistered . Today the French ! LULer wanted a bunch of identity cards ironic
Meeting this am about how to help local emergency services respond to major emergencies while Brighton floods !
I want to be a np but I hate the doctors office Ironic
the tweet 5 before that from our local news was about gas hitting highest rates in years over next 3 weeks ironic
hmmm . A subscription Chanel purchased a public television show ....
is you studying for a test on The Structure of the HEART , yet refuse to take away your schoolbag on that empty seat for others .
going to take in the Trampled by Turtles show this weekend at the zoo .
Leno called mean but supports Tonight Show . Did n't their band play 'Lyin ' Ass Bitch ' when Michelle Bachman was on ?
Signs had to be put up because people forgot where the training would be . notreally
`` remember to include the hashtag in responses '' bahahahahaha kyedchat
Always amusing to see walkers at the track wedge their cars into a parking space 10 paces closer when half the parking lot 's empty . ironic
I love how u call us chelski yet u are a United fan living in Wales ironic
They 're talking about focusing on the future on CNN and the next show is on the 70 's !
IronyDamn . OnPoint .You just got ta love this guy 's rapping skills and lyrical content
I need scissors to open my new kitchen scissors .
: the most rabid fans of Fantasy and scifi would , if magically transported to those worlds , be the first to die .
poverty alleviation programme ( pap ) = akamu moni missing . Presidential amnesty programme ( pap ) moni missing
During a chat that involved the impact of shame I was `` called out '' for not using the proper hashtag ... I 've got one- 😜
It must be bad when a Japanese writes an opinion piece stating the US military must leave South Korea . ironic
hey , are coming to get you Can'tWait
Rangers fans were appalled at the Hibs fans abusing Scott Allan . Now he 's close to signing for Celtic , Rangers fans are abusing him
This film was shot at sealifepark oahu Hawaii . Ironic name for hellhole EMPTYtheTANKS . RT & amp ; PROTEST HORROR
yeah , ur staff looked at us sev times & amp ; never addressed us . My poor hubs had just been bragging about your good service .
IT 'S LIKE RAAAAIIIAAAAAIIIIIIIIN ON YOUR WEDDING DAYironic ( don'tcha think ? )
NC4321 But now he 's your Quarterback Mr Panther .
Says the woman who was not long ago , a democrat .
Is n't this ironic 😱
Is Facebook Repelling Top Talent ? ... from 10 sources , over 22 daysirony
And I 'm saying all this stuff about Wendy Williams and my profile pic was taken in her studio haha hilarious CancelWendyWilliamsShow
Eating some decadent bread pudding with a flight of beer while wearing a Planet Fitness shirt .....
Um , no kidding .
😂😂😂😂😂 wow the
He did . These are just RacePimps and thugs . Hell , Bernie 's policies would give them EVERYTHING for free !
`` You 're a sociopath , you 're a psycho . `` ironicshadynathan
RahulGandhi shamelessly sleeps in parliament ( when not disrupting of course ) ; then perches Modi on corruption !
3D printing someone with one eye and no depth perception ?
“ So they impaled Haman on the pole he had set up for Mordecai , and the king ’ s anger subsided . ”
See the Presstitutes like & amp ; Mouthpiece
Homeless person sleeping in reflection square park , wichita 's sit-in/civil rights memorial park . Yeah ...
Jones89 He is unquestionably idolised by many tho . What is lifting him to a status where he can not be drawn but idolising him ?
A7 Ha ! ... refer to my previous tweet for Q6 ironic wgsdchat
and yet you continue to be one of the most uninformed .
Going blind for 1 hour made me see what I HAD to see ! Ironic YLC15 REGENERATION
IHateWeddingsBecause is trending on the eve of a wedding in have to spend all day attending .
This is too easy . I am literally looking at my past and laughing to myself here . It 's working.Strategy Glad I changed .
woodypoint grosmorne SO GOOD TONIGHT . Mostly speechless . wordsarenotenough
is somebody someday doing this bit ABOUT funny man ! 😂😂
Again short sleep . Cats are like `` I 'm gon na shout in your face at 6am until you wake up , so you can love me . ''
Life ! ! At an age they ought to play with toys , they begin selling them.irony life hunger poverty…
Politicians divide us , terrorists unite us !
Coz 15th is a dry day , we consume & amp ; stock up alcohol on 14th August , which is Pakistan 's Independence day.ironyDaru peena hai toh Pak jao !
One of my favorite covers ever . All of the movie promos reminded me of it . straightouttacompton
It 's over nobody listens to techno ! ! sike techno
`` Prolonged exposure to a bright screen before bed hinders restful sleep '' Goodnight lol .
The Net starring Sandra Bullock is in Vudu 's deal of the month discount category .
I took this pic the other day : sad face & amp ; in a North shirt . Call me psychic ironic
Nice . A Win10 driver that wo n't install on Win10 .
I 'm baffled why I do n't pay Twitter more attention . It 's such fun ! I get wisdom 50 times a day ! ! learning
RBI to transfer ₹ 65896 crore surplus to Centre & amp ; India still have below poverty line ( BPL ) families .
The people complaining about slave owners , the top 1.3 % , also support the top 1 % running their lives and vote accordingly.ironyhypocrisy
: EPA faces no fines for polluting river with toxic chemicals NDNZ indigenous green eco Nativepride ndn
Me to .. and I have the terminator as my lockscreen .. Ironic
Its been an absolute to believe and adopt on what is legal instead what is right ! ! ! Right legal
Hospitals priorities patients based on whether they have insurance or whether they 're paying from their pockets .
Donald Trump being fired from TheApprentice has to be one of the most ironic things I have ever heard . DonaldTrump lol
Vote after approved fish grab - delay work on priv . angler advisory panel bc theyre `` not ready to talk about mgmt ideas ''
I am currently finishing up my final version of my blog about `` working while in university '' after work ! ironic
I 'm sitting here helping my friend learn to date online `` Making up new lyrics to Alantis Morisettes ' ironic
Would you believe me If I told you fat boys run the world ?
ran out of fuel on my way to the studio how ironic firedmydriver newsingle
Oh what a beautiful morning oh what a beautiful day Love
Even the driving schools come practice parallel parking at your offices .
BeckyUpdate BBBecky lost 2 people she wanted to work with tonight TargetSteve BB17 BBLF AvengeJackie evictSteve
The barrier in front of us is suppose to be closed .
Sir Garfield Barwick was the lawyer who advised Malcolm Fraser and GG Kerr that PM Whitlam could be constitutionally sackedI love
And Modi says there is no warmemorial
Complex carbs may have contributed to paleo ( the real meaning of paleo ) brain evolution . ironic
Opened a pkg I sent myself from . Yep . `` Tuck sustains '' ... except when it does n't . dartmouth
We applaud other people because they show who they are . But we criticize others for the same thing . Ironic
If you have 10,000 spoons , there is NO way all you need is a knife.ironic therapy
Pakistan was created to protect India minority : Muslims , state of Pakistan 's minorities .
. UM too much for one tweet ironic
Traitors ? Coming from people who VOTED NO ! ! hahaha
humans spend whole lives tryna fulfill the need to belong , to a family , team but in this life you really are on your own
the of it all : )
Rahul Gandhi doesnt even know a couple of ranks in Armed forces and protesting for OROP
Great to hear the swans fans booing
Alyssa goes to the fair just to look at horses dicks ironic
Currently being numbed at the dentist and `` ca n't feel my face '' is on ironic
Went down south to escape the Manchester summer ... and it is flooding here !
How can guys love gory horror films yet the idea of menstruation makes them squeamish ? LiveTweetYourPeriod
I ca n't compliment you on how right you are without it sounding sarcastic VeryBritishProblems
Cooper & amp ; Kendall et al using old political abuse & amp ; claiming we need a 'modern ' answer to some problems they have problems defining .
I 've been working Crazy hour 's at a corporation whose newest motto is `` We are One '' .
It 's 7:42am . Mini R cried out in his sleep three times last night and woke me up . He 's now still asleep and I 'm awake ironic parenting
Yet another bad day with expected disappointment in the end . Not so disappointing after all .
Sailors Home Hall . About 400km from the ocean . sailor sail home hall grey antique
It 's the 69th year of independence and still people can not kiss in public . The is strong on this one .
Says the man watching the people watching the band on his phone !
Someone told me the same ironic
On hold for 31 mins to watfordfc ticket office , get to no.2 in queue . Then what happens ... ST 's come thru the door . ironic do n't you think ?
The BB17 houseguests are a needy bunch . They constantly seek validation that they 're `` playing a good game '' . ironic
Man United fans slating RM fans over treatment to former GK , Iker , just a month ago ... plasticfans mufc You 're just as bad , wankers
Looked up from my desk to see absolutely torrential rain in Newcastle then heat wave comes on
but not good of everything .
Despite my university cancelling my exchange programme , they still are asking me to be a study abroad mentor . effoff
Growing apart just to get closer . ironic
I need a drink , and the person I usually get a drink with is the one I want to slap tf out of.irony
8 month trial for coast guard and 22 years for yakub memon , judgement the same .
Did he have any complaints ?
Travelling to work listening to Just like Heaven by The Cure
Army men are termed 'Security threat ' .
My only reason for wanting to be president is I 'd have more time for golf ironic
Sad thing is , when you offer your honesty and loyalty to a person but then they will pay you back with deception . . ironic
my mum uses the word 'ignorant ' without really knowing what it means
missed my stop watching peoplejustdonothing and ended up here
Someone on FB posted about being unplugged from Facebook and feels great ... but posting a message on FB about it .
`` We ca n't just luxuriate in our own righteousness ... we have a responsibility to change the world '' . Labourleadership
😂😂😂 what a who is questioning patriotism LOL GET A GRIP
`` : Athena : 'Stop this fighting now ' iliad . Book 1 . Hour 1 . SRB at line 246 . '' SQUEE ! SIMON RUSSELL BEALE @ THE BRITISH MUS !
amusing how a guy who calls me a man accuses me of `` misgendering '' him
Unsure if its hilarious or tragic to watch a sealion sealion-ing the concept of sealioning . yodawg painful
Fuck whoever tells you no ! ironic ZAYNHASNOCHILL
While some kids are shielded from spotlight and fame ; others struggle to get noticed & amp ; their needs recognised .
Not this time ! fitting railwaybridge
Every year on IndependenceDay President gives speech in English . The mother tongue of the ppl we got freedom from .
Athena : 'Stop this fighting now ' iliad . Book 1 . Hour 1 . SRB at line 246 .
do `` breaking news '' on intrusion into royals and spend 10 minutes doing just this . Now lead item on bulletins
Hogan is a new shade of orange , and orange is the new black !
Wales Deaf team listening to the national anthem . ironic
lol watching bad educaton this very moment ironic badeducatin myfavourite
Fabiano wait ... does n't a soccer player play professional football ? ! ironic
So Tom Brady is potentially getting a divorce ? What ? Were his balls a little too deflated for Gisele ?
Did n't think I 'd wake up to Tupac playing during ace & amp ; tj 's show this morning .... ironic ( point is that Tupac is black and a & amp ; t are racist )
Lol what luck Abby ? 😂 cause you have none girl 😅 onlymylife wtf
`` Save paper , do n't print unless necessary '' all over your emails tapi bab meeting siap printout handouts ( in color ! ) banyak giler .
Bus lane for LincolnTunnel at complete standstill , regular lanes wide open . LT CommuterProblems Ironic
47 % of people do n't believe the polls apparently .
Tom Cruise as Jesus in the BibleWalk museum in Ohio.scientologyironyinsanity
Wise sues UIUC for breachofcontract
double click if you agree ? life beautiful ironic yinyang darkness light balance appreciation…
No words !
India plans to celebrate its independence day by caging Kashmiris for two days .
So , forgetting to include the link .... ? ironic
dat moment when ur username is a bandom username rhetoricaldevice
: Ah , now you have completely convinced me by your clear and reasoned point
now I 'm being followed by a gardening video tweep . Not sure if or passive aggressively helpful . : p
Arianators are so mature . Complaining about someone who body shamed their idol but at the same time making fun of Wendy 's body 👏🏻 Ironic
Balotelli set for Liverpool `` loyalty '' bonus Ironic Liverpool
Some people think they r intelligent , but some people r so intelligent that they do n't understand how simply they r loved by someone !
When work overpays you awyes cashmoney dollarbilllsss hollalaaa
Hypocritical Chief Shrillster quoting `` 'The appearance of departure from neutrality is a ground of disqualification '' Ironic auspol
I think it 's funny that the boss in my case study that I have to write about is named Carrie ironic
I 'm closer to the people I never say goodbye to rather than the ones I do ironic
To counter media bias prints article by gov-appointee & amp ; former energy boss Gwyn Morgan who fails to provide perspective
Got my grandad wit me , and i got some grandaddy on me 💨💨💨 😁😁😁 ironic kendrick voice
No one from celebrities or kind of them answered meI 'm sad about it sometimesAre there someone else like me in the world ? problemironic
goes to dentist for simple check upcomes back with a toothacheLoveNHS
no . Ca n't go to D23 cause I 'm throwing a Disney baby shower for a friend . but you gave me this !
I hate chocolate and now in the process of having chocolate brown hair
Now there was a well run financially sound organisation
What do you mean ? ¡Que video tan cool ! From a Canadian to another Ironic 󾮟❤️󾠈
your approval numbers among GOP are n't much better .
I spent my last £3 , until Monday , on being able to vote for a Labour Leader who stands for greater social equality .
is Magic ! Office365 admin console is not compliant with Microsoft IE10 and IE11 ... They know how to do business !
Yes , it 's India 69th independence day Indians and British are having fun with parliament session ending in logjam over cricket 's Modi .
The tv in urgent care is playing `` The View '' ...... lol
Homeless man sleeping in front of a mattress store after dark in santamonica , losangeles . sad
How I feel everyday . nomoney poor bills youtube gamer
Well so much 'celebration ' of Independence by political parties , the same who signed petition for Y . Menon ! ! politics money power
and of course that never happened the other way round e.g . mcAffee , Norton etc .
Curiosity If only I knew who the hell you were subtweeting . RT /CunningGemini : '' I 'll get the handcuffs ! ''
Lookin attheworld w/ an awkward eye that negativity attracted 2 my positivevibe
The slated for going to X Factor ... then they treat like that ? Unprofessional
9 more days until I leave the sausage prison and start working at a real prison 😎
Irony : Bush slams Clinton , Obama over rise of ISIS . Yes . A Bush said that . The same family that led the invasion into Iraq .
Be mature enough to move on and leave the past behind . You ca n't go on without moving on . Ironic
Just had a Brazilian off a Brazilian
A `` Certificate of Quality '' for a refurb HP printer that dies in & lt ; 1 year ? meaningless
In order to save lives we are trained to kill
resisting the urge 2 throat-punch a coworker who keeps rolling her eyes & amp ; complaining about other lazy workers while playing on Fbook
We are living in a world where Artificial lemon flavour is used for Welcome Drink and real lemon used in `` Finger Bowl '' .Irony
Not to mention big bows and headbands . smh
Forced to finish this in 20 mins coz of Independence day friday ! !
Politicians at the centre on cushion chairs , Freedom Fighters relegated to a corner on plastic chairs . Does I in I-day stand 4
`` JaiJawanJaiKisan '' for votes and `` MarJawanMarKisan '' after getting votes IdayIrony
Signboard of No Signboard . : )
Country of oligarchy teaching lessons on genuine democracy : US and Cuba |
Working in auto insurance you would think that these people would be cautious in this parking lot , but no they all drive retardedly .
Because gop convinced working americans that republicans best represent them . easilyLed ReapWhatYouSow
Some posts do n't need hashtags SocialMediaTips
Flooding LevenshulmeBaths Manchester Closed due to FLOODING !
Cottingham so hoping someone was behind taking a picture of you also staring into your phone ItsLikeGoldyAndBronzy
Wearing my shirt from last night that reads `` Break a Leg '' while wearing a cast ... ironic
Mushahid ullah sb kay saath toh aik na aik din yeh hona hi tha . Poor he , got disowned by those whom he used to defend 24/7 .
Amusing photo of being tight head prop .
`` People who alter or destroy works of art & amp ; our cultural heritage for profit or as an exercise of power are barbarians '' George Lucas
Boyfriend spills red hot tea over me just after complaining about my spatial awareness .
44 would-be rangers hit by lightening in Swamp phase .... during lightening safety training .
so you 're using fiction characters in your justification of your fictional character ? ironic autumn
also pak independence day
Now what was Hillary going after Richard Nixon for in the 70 's ? Seems like it was some kind of cover up .
talked to Chinese peeps , koreans and Japs . Yes I have ill feelings towards the enemy but I can talk to them well . Ironic 😐
I thought it would be different . It was way different . And now it 's totally different .
If your customerservice is subpar , do n't waste your money on marketing !
wear me `` ironically '' danisnotonfire ironic
NYC `` Fatal Attraction : PiotrUklanski Photographs '' ends 8/16 photography ironic sincere appropriation
I 'm eating spaghetti for breakfast today too . ironic
Ironic - Win the ultimate BBQ pack including a Drumbecue with Visit : competition
`` Let 's be honest '' Yes , let 's . When do you start ?
LES this morning graffiti notart rippedposter parody typography pizza art
Caption that photo ... selfie London ironic @ St Pancras International
I do n't know how to do proper googling and dafaq India internetofthings follows me damn
This just made me LOL .
`` History is full of like that . '' florida libertarian politics US Senate religion
These are my feelings today too ironic Timehop
Mel talking about downsizing whilst missing the fact that her/his team has spent no money
As said to me : USC 's diversity board , handles Title IX cases like Bryce Dixon 's , consists of 7 women ( 6 white , 1 Asian ) .
Sometimes you make an app for your watch to pay for Starbucks when you ca n't sleep . micahnoob twitter
so he does n't follow the whip - most wo n't follow his if he wins !
From trying to go to a better school they assign me to the worst ! 😮😂
Could Alphabet ’ s Hidden Link To Hooli Get It Banned In Google ? articleoftheday
FedEx delivers to UPS 󾌩󾌴󾌩
Do n't fly drones near the airport , but we 'll sell them here ! Almost like selling fireworks at the gas station !
It 's ironic that claims Fair Use in their newscasts , shielded by 1stAmendment and copyright law
quote : `` .. the rules of which were established by President Clinton in 1993 with Executive Order 12829 . ''
Get ready for Monday Eddins Wildcats ! ironic safetyisoursuperpower eddelem
a clock that winds you up . : )
Oh , I thought the freed funds would go to better healthcare and supporting religious minorities IranDeal
UNIONS TARGET HEYDON headline this am auspol
The is killing me . Florida
Oh the sweet joy of The same weather we 're rejoicing about today is the same we complain about from Oct to Feb ! Rain Seattle
The last Man U manager to be top of the premier league ..... David Moyes ironic
While on my journey to become independent , I find myself having to be more dependent
Flight delayed .. But do n't worry got given a voucher .. The only place open is a bar .. The voucher can not be spent on alcohol flybe
isitok that news websites reporting paparazzi harassing and taking photos of Prince George use a picture of him ?
because didnt see a knock on even though it was blatant but cant give things against sir Kev Specsavers
You believe in a magic sky wizard and you 're calling us mindless ?
11-year-old rape victim gives birth in Paraguay because of strict abortion laws . injustice rape india
Healthy 14 yr old joins parents in suing hospital for botching her abortion tlot tcot politics
YES we would ! ironic BFF 😂😂😂
Drinking whiskey and watching a documentary on the fall of Prohibition .
Reid I love that your blog post about crazy excessive commenting has 46 comments . =D ButLetMeJustAdd ...
Analysis : High opt out numbers resulted in higher test scores -
You do all the hating and still call us haters ..
wish it would have been one of the idiots bashing the hunter for killing Bears . Would n't that be ironic
My friends make fun of my relationship but half them never had a gf ...
I always thought it was funny how homophobes care so much about what gay dudes do with their penises . Bruh , THAT 'S gay . wienerworry
just one of the silent majority ..
My script is threatening me . notoveryet
“ Photo credits can ’ t be used to buy food or pay the rent , sorry . ” Apparently this offends people who ask for a photo without payment .
70yrs after the Japan suffered the horror of nuclear devastation it now shares it with the rest of the world .. Fukushima still burns !
Does n't want PC police , loves regular police .
So funny ! 😂 My favorite reply was , `` Loren before we part ways , why do you have a girl name ? '' ironic
Says the guy who confesses to watching 300 hrs of TV . chutzpahdefinition
The best service I ever received from was the day I cancelled all my services
Happy 6⃣9⃣th Independence Day ! ! 🇮🇳👍😊Porn is still free . Let 's see what the govt plans to ban next .
- EU puts Greeks more in debt to pay old debts ! Message is clear EU is disfunctional EUdemise who'sincharge
When you see someone driving a Cadillac with their windows down at a 106 degrees dry heat .
Funny that wants OVO banned when taxis he lobbies for were partially responsible for a death .
picking the word `` product '' out of a sentence is not a fact . Fact . bigg50
shanks Seems radiates a calm aloof glow as he dictates an animated agenda…
My 4yo 's book in a kindle case !
The King of plumbing has poor drainage on his golf course .
It 's like 10 thousands spoonsAnd u need is a knife ironic
Haters gon na hate , , Potatoes gon na potate ! : D
Wow -really jealous ! Tried numerous times to get partner to come with me but refuses as does n't like camping .
Only in Sweden ... ( 😂/😢 ) Are there really more serious issues ? irony
if Hill is gone , the Dems have only old white guys to run . GOP has all of the diversity . Shows weakness in Dems . TheFive KellyFile
lol was really meant to wear the jersey 88 bc he is was born in 88. ironic 🙅🏽 ThrowUpTheX
Juventini bitching about the fact that someone other than them complains .
`` All lives matter '' is basically saying `` white people deserve to be equal to white people too . '' BlackLivesMatter
You want to replay the map , but yeah I 'm desperate for wins 😂😂 amirite
“ Good artists copy , Great artists steal ” Steve Jobs quote googlecar
White socks/bad outfit . Louis Vuitton backdrop . The could n't be thicker .
Mata 's given the ball way too much but he 's the only one with the killer passes ironic
but if we fuck ourselves are n't you gon na tell our mummies on us ? youvechanged elaineisattentionseeking
It always surprises me seeing black people that are Chelsea fans . That 's like being a KKK member .
Protesters against a new wind farm in Carmarthenshire all seem to have solar panels on their houses and claim the FIT .
The of seeing tweets saying fans showing respect to Soldado as he leaves are being ridiculous is not lost on me in the slightest ...
Ironic that MattCassel is whom took the place of TomBrady last time he was out and there was no drop off GoBills : )
While overhead sprinklers are going off somewhere near , another CAfire begins in the distance CAdrought
Ug , , meanwhile rain wo n't stop back in Seattle .
A guy at the gym who regularly wears CM Punk t-shirts is wearing a White Sox shirt today .
LOL I think they will be getting rid of the bull . nojoke funnytho & lt ; 3 & lt ; 3
My dad is one funny dude . ironic bravebunny cracksmeup
As I 've said before , Simon Pegg is like Anakin Skywalker , he has no control over his emotions . Ironic Hypocrite
Quoting Host to Bash Trump Ironic
Hector breaker of horses ironic iliad
listened to it the with my window open ... a bird flew into it , guess the pigeon has a good choice in music FlyAway ironic
I rescued these tadpoles from a rusty truckbed to a creek full of predators to eat them 😊😊😊😊😊
People act so perfect , like they have no flaws lol .
`` I tried to wing it '' - she says while doing her eyeliner ithink
. `` lifelong politicians should n't set policy '' Retweeted by lifelong political wannabe elxn42 mbpoli .
. Cars I should have an auto DM saying `` I hate auto DMs . Please delete this . ''
theruler do n't need a history lesson . Just a quick wiki scan .
ironic considering his wife had a major depressive disorder . mentalhealth
Standing outside a TPP rally while my girls are shopping at Kirkcaldie & amp ; Stainsirony
13 people in the MAFCO Building suburban back from the fair and zero Mannings in the vehicle ironic JackR cha
3 years now since I left India : Happy 69th Independence day 15thaugust independenceday India ironic
Said the guy who does n't know the difference b/t `` idiots '' & amp ; `` idiot 's . '' Also , capitalization & amp ; incorrect verb tense .
Four different flag hoisting in the same residential complex , what a way to celebrate the victory of unity Ironic HappyIndependenceDay
Have just bought cleaning products and bin liners . to return home and find that a cleaner has come !
I would like to take a spiritual journey to escape the grips of money and capitalism but I CANT AFFORD TO continued
While typing the word `` constipated , '' my computer pooped out . So that 's all she 's writing tonight , folks ! ProjectRunway
He has never ever written about that before .
Ppl shouting StopHindiImposition r completely OK w/ English imposition which is a foreign language n does n't hv any similarity .
A Bush complaining about someone else not telling the truth in public life… hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Their coffee is n't very good .
Even after 65 years of independence , no educational freedom ? satire cartoon comic
Carlos Spencer talking Dan Carter BledisloeCup
So that 'll be using official club travel while organising protests against the board ?
He 's only a dick because he 's insecure about the purple penis defiance
Jasper Pittard getting stuck into Palmer for spilling a bounce like he has never , ever had a brain fade .
Careful what I wish for . Storm rolling in which I wanted but it knocked out some of my cable channels . sacrifice
Team India 's moments of glory remembered on TheWinnersWay meanwhile currently in Sri Lanka India is putting a shambolic performance
lhr VC lamenting non-cooperation of CM but gladly accepts 4yrs extension for himself . shame
“ OK this time [ sic ] '' Bomber command got the s : refused to blow cave full of women , children :
Someone sent me this image of 1D . These retard fans do not even realize , it is a British boy band .
It 's weird that we are asked to treat every religion and caste equally even after 68 years of independence ! IndependenceDay
Will The Real Please Stand Up ? `` The Uneasiness in People 's Silence is Growing '' Independence
i want to like a tbh post but everyone 's so creepy 😖 ?
every time ameer is on the field is joiqin it ironic
Ca n't sleep but sooo tired 😲👎🏼😴 ironic narcoleptic insomnia
Happened too my buddy yesterday Ironic BlackFingerNailToday
I find it mildly ironic that security has to be maximum in this county on the day we celebrate our independence ! IndependenceDay
Indian Cricket Team struggling on IndependenceDay SLvIND
How you crash into a collision center ? ...
I think I broke my back lifting someone in a wheelchair today . now I need a wheelchair ironic
Ask yourself that .
Half the time is lost in thinking what we could have done than in thinking what should be done ...
And then Arvind Bhai claims that Modi is hungry for power and fame .
do you also read tea leaves and get your palm read ? LOL
waving goodbye to parents at the airport hoping they get home ok and telling them to message when they do ParentingParents
Golden Lockett 😂😂😂😂 ironic seavsden Seahawks 💚💙
That moment when you see a fat guy wearing a shirt that says dunk-a-holic 😂 ironic
People are free with their choices no matter what Religion they follow .
Brenn sure is very calm when saying she 's mad , then acts furious when saying Let 's Go .
On VJday no less ?
today I literally met a man who woofed in my ear . ironic
is that the first time I 've ended up being tagged with rtec ? 😂
Text : 'For English speaking customers ' I 'm pretty sure most English speaking customers ca n't read that .
I do mine on Tuesdays so I feel good enough to catch up on sleep during the weekend . chronicillness
So I just got into the event here at and I end up with the guy who beat me last year on my table !
Two 11 game win streaks ended by the first game against a NewYork team .
😮💔🙏he said that and i dropped my pizza . talk about chills my nigga WelcomeToJFK RIPChinx LongLiveChinx
I love how , which was 'born online ' and 'insurance for the modern world ' does n't have a live chat customer service option . ironic
Hey , , funny thing was y'all said , would talk nothing but baseball . Ironic
Dear Facebook , Thanks for your wishesh . But Its our 69th Independence Day.Irony
I figured , I was just in love with the image that I created of you in my head . But my heart said , it was a lie . exthing
So many ceasefire violations and he 's talking of friendly relationship .
oh you think its silly that there are books out there that claim to be word of god
Xander Bogaerts , the RedSox best hitter , is the only one without a hit tonight
I quickly deleted the tweet lol I meant to tag zuhaib ironic
so crowded I could n't take a picture of the crowd .
Rodger Saffold is injured ...
wow there 's a chance that you will block chance
Former OleMiss OL Terrence Metcalf leads Oxford 's DL thru warm ups as new position coach .
as thousands became homeless during India-Pakistan partition . JaiHind
Data is the new opinion ? Sometimes the people who pride themselves on using data to influence have hardest time of accepting new data
IndependenceDay is incomplete with ManojKumar Patrioticmovies , switch every channel but no Bharatkumar not even in DD1 .
Ironic ! Is n't it ? ? Even if v miss out on things ! ! Some day it knocks on 2 ur door md says HI ¥《》 ! ! ! ...
Nice license plate . gettingtowed ironic
Hi , we appreciate the dilemma but it would n't be right if we let people sign up with a spam account though !
you keep commenting though ! obsessed
Haaaa my last 2 posts are not related ironic badtiming
Rohit Sharma at no .3 is brilliant move.He has tym & amp ; again proven hw quality batsman he is.He proved it 2 day.U just hav 2 gv hm tym
Some 2 bob off shoot of them in Liverpool , legged at Lime Street & amp ; corralled in the lost property ironic
Being grounded on independence day .Talk about
I still do n't get it .... It 's mature to believe in an omnipresent n omnipotent God but immature to believe in superheroes . ironic
.... Embracing a `` Newly '' reformed Liberal Elitist to rebel against `` establishment '' Republicans in a Presidential election ?
u can only spread hatred , as you are good at polariziation , riots and cheating ppl in name of religion ,
yes tragic . I felt quite emotional . Killed by one of those he fought to protect . Fellow American . fellow veteran . ironic
Passes a slow cab driver on the way home tonight .
PM Modi said Team India is taking nation to new heights , cut to Galle see what 's happening , this Team India Cricket JustSaying
Uhm . I do n't know how to handle mexican currency .
I like how you say loudly some people 's friends are weird but you go along with them . ironic
Lonely ppl want 2b dogowners cuz they love the company but they often leave their dog at home alone to be with other ppl
1st time we 've started with 2 strikers that I can remember in a long time and what happens .. ! ! EFC sfcvefc ironic
long live your idols may , they never be your rivals . - J. Cole Ironic Inevitability
shocked moved so quickly to cut , since in a couple of weeks campus will be full of students .
Find the differences . lolironic iconic
: You could n't make it up ! The NA being protected by the 'Police ' from the 'general public '
Mocking Big Sam 's outfit . Turns up to Soccer Am like a tramp .
How easily people label that one person `` negative '' who speaks the bitter truthIronic
I hope you 're paying attention ! MADONNAWORSHIP ironic iconic XOXO
Irony : sitting in a 4 mile traffic jam and you see this ...
OH THIS WRITER GOT JOKES ! ! ! ! secretwars juggernautbitch
Everton fans trying to tell their club something ? ThankYouMarkus
The who should I find on the tube littlelostgirl
There 's also no moderate intelligence in Jayda 's case - only screeching , bug-eyed , incoherent , pig-shit-thick ignorance
lcfc tinkerman picks exactly the same team that beat Sunderland ironic
British Airways offers employees allotment plots near Heathrow to help improve general health and wellbeing .
When people complain about 3 weeks of promotions when we had 2 and then keep calling us whiny
are you having laugh Tommy ? ! Tottenham 'fan ' , Real Madrid cover photo and Barça profile pic Weird 😂
My fish died 2 days after I named him Deadpool
NetNeutrality is being redefined ! Please watch & amp ; follow instructions ! Just one day ! ironic freedom TruthBeTold
Well , they tried . 😂Irony Grammar
You said StartUpIndia StandUpIndia then you are changing definition of NetNeutrality
Watching the episodes of `` once upon a time `` with elsa in them and I 'm frozen ironic
At what point in your life do your decisions land you a spot outside of a pharmacy with a lit cigarette ?
richie wait for the usual justification of how the leaders did n't know . But 1 of their own leaders tweeted the same photo
Hahaha , this is nice ! I 've written `` I 've lost control '' and now Iam followed by someone , who help people find lost things .
That awkward moment when an AAPtard argues that Kejriwal is just following Sheila Dikshit .
Did n't have the independence to do what we like and wanted to do .. IndependenceDay
I was told not to simply consider UKIP as right wing - I asked for an explanation - I received a volley of insults . winstone
They 've been spelling out every word ( loudly and incorrectly ) complaining about how incompetent the waitress was .
is Exactly What U just Railed Against ironic hypocriteNow Back to Trump Bashing cuz DC Scared of Him
Wake up expecting and this is who is there ironic beagles
Happy Independence Day ! India OROP Indian Army : A Life Less Ordinary
When the word ( ( ( ( ( ( IRONIC ) ) ) ) ) ) ) hits your thinking
Danczuk , where 's his family originate from ?
and ppl say raw k agents hain !
GoogleNow knows my flight gate already , Heathrow displays do n't ...
Heaton the white man March dressed all in black ? ironic
`` The more I learn about people , the more I like my dog . '' ~ MarkTwain
Got ta love it when you ca n't watch a T-swizzle video because of a copyright claim on youtube by T-Swizzle lol allgood
things are not always what they seemironic bestoftumblr qotd quoteoftheday
INT With VAW rampant , for many women , living with family is a test of strength n courage ! Strange how society misleads itself !
Gucci got more bars than a prison cell
Okazaki from a Vardy assist .
Splitsvilla a show were a pornstar gives lecture on LOVE ! !
its ironic : p ( ( is the place falling apart w/out me ) )
Now that I am finished my MSc in DigitalMarketing , I can actually start doing Digital Marketing again HunnyImHome
Setting up for an Indian Wedding on Aldwych ... Right across the street from a Indian-led protest asian news
Cant Argue with a Rajput calling Right Wing as Terrorists ! 4give him Lord 4 he knows not .... Policy
Note to self : Letting a 6 yr old 'help ' you make a meal does not provide 'assistance ' as per the usual definition
Our friendship is awkward as hell but our relationship was so strong .. ironic
Just landed Manchester Airport and so niice to see we are moving forward
0bama 's weekly address opens to lament , `` .. the feeling that our laws can be applied unevenly . ''
British version of WhatsApp has a Pakistani flag emoticon & amp ; not the Pakistani version ! Ironic
Dub Jam reggae infused rum punch DubJam bakedbeantin
`` OLD AGE A CURSE - FOR ... - Amwriting Micropoems Micropoetry Poem Poet Poetry Poetweet ...
They technically do even though I was taught as a christian that they were a cult .
Think about it .... ! Irony ....
This guy just cut in front of me ironic kindnessmatters CambMA
' I dont belong here ' 'what the hell am i doing here ' buskers Doingcreep radiohead
about Indians is that divided we stand and united we fall ! !
I ca n't help but wonder how many people read this story on their kindle .
How can people be like `` ALL LIVES MATTER ! ! '' then turn around and stand in a middle of a free way ? 😂
All this song does Is name call . Young woman no better than trump with a pretty voice ironic
When people take smoke breaks at the relay for life . ironic stop
Lmfao I can'tttt ! ! ! ! ! tooironic stalker itsreallynotcute stalks astrology ironic allcaps first byefelicia
I love how Mark Rubin berates but then borrows without asking their graphic artwork of Leo Frank ironic
Stroheim : legs/ erotic ironyThe Merry Widow 1925Queen Kelly 1928The Merry Widow 1925Foolish Wives 1922
Indias top most sporting award is not named on Milkha Singh or but is named on Rajiv Gandhi , THORe kuch kariye Janab .
more
aTweetAbout a song phrase that is totally not indirectly about you , and I do n't intend you to get
packed this yesterday to wear today ... we clearly were thinking the same thing 😋😉 ironic greatminds
Did Vardy shout “ Oi Jap do you want the ball ” just before the pass LCFC
`` I just found Lost . '' That has to be one of the greastest sentences ever !
exactly why hes retreating from the claims made by him . .
so you think its silly theres books out there that claim to be word of god with no proof
woah , so was i like 28 minutes ago . ironic
The same thing Kenya does with me , I did to my mom when she was pregnant , cool ironic
Oh , the All the scum who hurt or kill animals AI N'T GETTING THROUGH THE PEARLY GATES ! karma animals hell
How sad it is that we have to watch a show on Saturday night telling us how good Saturday night TV use to be itv
I just ca n't take obese coaches seriously ... 😒 hypocrisy unrealistic
Happy Independence Day ! After being screwed by britishers 69yrs ago and separating from our closest brothers
It was Walk which reminded me of a dark day in my life ...
The iconic Polly Boiko using quotation marks as they should be utilised : with lashings of rich , rich ッ edu
Waiting to eat breakfast at a restaurant , discussing my dream of opening a breakfast restaurant .
So other books that claim to be word of god is not factual for you
Technology - size does not matter . photography iphone
Forgot to add
The 😂😂😂 comedy ironic success
Said a person who probably thinks criticism is a trigger .
0bama laments `` the feeling that our laws can be applied unevenly . '' This from the guy who 's made Prosecutorial Discretion an art form !
I was just talking about my favorite moments in classical music . passion
5 years later , I am still quoting the same line .
I do n't feel like eating ... But , I 'm hungry 😜😀😀ironic
Nichols 82 And yet you 're the one making emphatic statements based upon no evidence .
Almost got run down by an ambulance .
they say they do , but its not enough for you
The only country that used Nuclear Bomb , has Highest incarceration rate , Destroys the planet is fighting for a Free world.USA ironic wtf
The best bit or in a road sign I 've seen ! ironic drive roadtrip
DISCLAIMER : `` Allstate is not available in all states . ''
How a brain dead man like HameedGul had Brain hemorrhage ?
Getting someone pregnant while having sex on a pull out couch
Anti-fascists dressed in black shirts
“ : ughhhh ... geesh I guess I need to proof read becuz your are lurking typo King ”
The of Pakistan : The nation has become the opposite of the qualities ... - Scroll.in
In a world where everything is ironic , nothing is ironic .
Watching a show that celebrates all that WAS good about Saturday night TV because there is nothing good on now ... 😂 ironic Satnightstory
The of leaving a book entitled 'let 's get lost ' behind ironic dontyouthink lost
`` US blocks release of hunger-striking Guantanamo detainee '' and `` Kerry officially reopens US embassy in Havana ''
A tweet commenting on professionalism is n't necessarily professional in itself
Indian Muslims who stayed back with India are living far better life than Muslims who went to Pakistan seeking their own Nation .
Once again dropping my 15yr old off to my fav pub , yet I do n't get a sniff of a pint and spend the evening in ! ! teenjob thestarinn
Time to clean house after makin ' movies about cleaning house . ElbowGrease SteeltownSister
Redeeming quality -- white people made them famous ! 😂😂😂 WhiteLivesMatter
Why do so many Dilla fans know nothing about music ? ironic
So I click on the flexin my complexion hashtag to revel in the beauty & amp ; I 'm met with pple upset at light skin folk for participating Ironic
Blair et al : Remember when we all asked you not to vote for war ? Well , this is a little bit like that , only with feeling . JezWeCan
Funny how really good looking people tell the rest of us how attractive ' a good heart ' is , but they sure wo n't date us !
One of my favorite juxtapositions of signage ... LA wholefoods burgerking woodlandhills signs
Planned Parenthood kills unborn black babies & amp ; supports NAACP ?
Swigging a vitamin tablet down with beer
An insiders media panel of 3 blokes & amp ; 1 woman is currently discussing how politics is a boys club that needs quotas . AusPol
By boe and boe bedminster bristol bristolgraffiti graffiti streetart streetartbr…
A great quote by about successful entrepreneurs . startuplife startups Retweet if agree .
I find it ironic I 'm vacuuming up dust that actually came from the same vacuum . cleaning problems
Interesting that ITV takes a nostalgic look at quality Saturday night TV , and then shoehorns an ad for Xfactor right in the middle
says the brighton fan
Yes he wants to insult the intellectual prowess of others .
Went looking for wedding rings today and whilst doing so bumped into my ex wife . ironic alynnisareyoureadingthis
Found this cool photo , not mine So I have to tell you all this because it 's becoming ironic 💁🏼😂 .. So you all know…
Just used this magazine to kill a spider . BlackWidow
day just gets better SAFC
Open my bedroom window for some fresh air ... my room now smells of cigarette smoke .
White people the ones shooting up movie theaters but we ca n't have a peaceful movie where the artists rap about police brutality
I thought auto correct was supposed to be helpful
Went clothes shopping today and found a dress that is suitable for a funeral . No one died ... I 'm just prepared . ministry pastor
no signal on the vodacom network . My number is the only phone I have ...
How weird is it that Shady & amp ; Kiko were sitting together at the 2014 Honors ?
Judging by their dress sense I can only surmise Sunderland fans are leaving early to get to the Sports Direct sale ?
McLaren : Newcastle did n't set out to kick Montero 'they 're not that type of team ' then moans player has red for kicking+pulling him !
Arlington pulling a Gulfstream . ironic
Meet pinky and blue blue . Pinky is the boy on the left . Blue blue on the right , she 's pinkies friend .
And the one in Barrow after both .
Oh just being ironic and doing the Angela pose . Also this picture shows how much love lily.marica…
`` Sometimes I start to wonder , was it just a lie ? / If what we had was real , how could you be fine ? / 'Cause I 'm not fine at all ''
I believe that one day , an Ezreal statue will be in a museum . LeagueOfLegends
The only black dude in is my cousin ironic
Listening to I Write Sins Not Tragedies while sitting in the basement of a church 😂😂
The new logo and pack design now looks like not the real McCoy 's . ironic fail
A country fighting terror through Operation Zarb-e-Azb will now mourn the death of the father of terrorists . HamidGul
wait a fish ? But I ate sushi ! ! ! ironic
walked past you in London today on Russell street ironic
ironic given today 's story
Who 'd have thought my favorite president John F Kennedy had the same birthday as me . May 29. ironic learning awesome
My mom said guitar was sounding kind of `` Marshally '' tonight . rockermom ironic
Grimly ironic that only the spectre of cancer can revitalize the moribund RedSox . Too late , Boston , your terminus fast approaches ...
While eating just now , I see guy getting food . ironic traitor funnyashell
At the hodown DaddyD KVegas
A nation that recently imposed a pornban is celebrating 69 years o independence happyindependence day . Anything can happen in India
I do n't why that 's so hard for people to understand . ironic
He 's also using other people 's money to do it .
They talk about you when you broke . They talk about when you rich . Only time they aint talking is when it 's sething bout them . Ironic
Weird how now I have to take my own advice from a year ago . ironic
elnino preper waterproof boots plaid thriftscore thriftstore ironic socal 109 degree shopping
One Cinderella slipper at the free store . lifeimitatesart albertafreestore…
I was sitting in Magic Johnson 's movie theater watching a movie about a rapper who died of AIDS 20 yrs ago . Try and understand that
Sad - Letter -
Selling nostalgia never gets old business101
Minion & amp ; Myriad are pretty good . I guess I 'm fine with Rob getting the award . ironic ofCourseHeDeservesIt typecon
Wonder where the police officers are who used to harass NWA . How many times did they watch Friday & amp ; Boyz in the Hood ?
My life is so damn ironic . really life karma
You could n't put this in a book . Republican TeaParty Familyvalues Adultery GOP Michigan Sex
had to laugh tho , just as i hit the tweet button , Rose misses from 3ft for eagle
Foghat playing `` Slow Ride '' at concert while skateboard & amp ; BMX punks shred oblivious to the
Missouri Dems have renamed their Jefferson-Jackson Day dinner for Harry Truman . I like it , he had the resolve to drop the Bomb .
So the President who organised a breach of contract now wants the university to honour another contract ? Irony
Disney broke so much ground in the early years now they 're desperately trying to climb out a hole
read your bio and then read your tweet
Shitting as I posted that last tweet 😂
Lol I was just about to fix it haha
If I put a BOLO on my bf
I am drawing this to say that I am taking a little break from drawing haha sketch sketches ink bird
REPORT Sounds like they 're bring their violence with them wherever they go . Why bother to leave in the first place ? ironic
This is my third tweet and I just saw a bird die
Bowl of soup and all u got is a fork ... irony
I 'll let the loarloonies in on a sidebet we have w/ today . If KT beats him , Ed agrees to denounce JWitness .
your new girl sure does look a lot like me😴😴 ironic
lol seahawk fans do n't have the right to proclaim anyone a `` fanboy ''
The word 'autocorrect ' is n't in my phone 's dictionary . Oh the
Left the StraightOuttaCompton Movie , got home to the news . Same problems , different year .
lol trolling Brentford by making them the only club who does n't have their stats published today
When you 're THAT tired , you do n't fall asleep ...
Oh the irony.Seattle downtownseattle downtown city deadend jesus religion lol…
Not a lot of grass , ( prg ) growth , but having to drive down herbals to put a wire up !
Common People on the radio at woolies in Ashgrove
Barks no way !
I hope the first time Russell Wilson bangs Ciara he 's wearing Gucci Flip Flops
Thought for the day ... motivation positive inspire
Former unelected leader of the UKLabour Party is going to tell members how to vote in Labourleadership election
Presstitutes who ca n't speak for 2 minutes of their own are rating PMs speech
Of course I get pulled over after I talked about it earlier today
People tweeting the FindCynthia are so head down into their phones they would n't see her if she waved @ them
Burham : `` In the 80ies we fought eachother instead of Thatcher . Not going to let that happen this time . Choose me to fight Corbyn ! ''
The best food shirts foodie hipster ironic
The of an artwork commenting on Sydney 's housing bubble painted on an 'urban ' hotel which…
When people soil their own name and reputation ; )
`` PAIN IS BEAUTY '' 1st said by a man no women would inflicted another women will such bullshit but I sit here in pain ironic bride veneers
IronyTeens love acting like kids ..... but hate being treated like kids.comedy standup Luv Jenkins
Behind my smile , hides a story full of pain ... Behind my pain , hides a half-story full of porn ... Irony Pornban
Tried to master a new technique with my curling iron . Then I saw pics of Trump online . Is this oppositeworld ? Ironic universe ? The50s ?
of GenHameedGul life , he hated India & amp ; died on Indian Independence Day . God has his own revenge .
Fish is quite possibly my lease favorite food . And I 'm currently having dinner at Red Lobster .
Had my first proper look at theboltreport today . Clearly an free zone .
Dear Lord arguably the least diverse station `` representing '' UK voices discussing lack of diversity in Trevor Nunn 's Shakespeare
Downloading Power finale , pray IConnect speeds r decent 2day , as I devour new rap music by `` old rappers '' on my BeatsByDre headphones
Local hero , , poses beside the latest work by Lisburn 's answer to Banksy ! Johnny IS a hero !
You can embrace a foreign language English imposed on you but you wo n't accept your own country 's language Hindi .
I hate that I cut off my hoes to talk to someone ... When in the end they were talking to they hoes while we was talkin 😂 Ironic
Actually I kind of wonder if the aliens that come down here are n't rednecks themselves
Doraidi and they said arsenal fans love polls
I know u have to deliver ... but on a sunday at 0830 .. ur shops dont open to ten ironic
27 because he is a player who fell even harder then Tiger . He could have been Tiger but because of his demons he wasnt . ironic
The of life is not that the things we love kill us , but that we know that and continue to do them anyway life
You know what 's weird . I was using aux cords years ago . People look at me funny like what 's that ? Now everyone got it in their car .
Saw this on the way out . howdthatworkout
Just tried to access `` Ad blocking 's unintended consequences . '' But I hit your paywall even though I am a subscriber .
ironic America is quickly becoming a third world country . We used to lead the charge , now we do n't even measure up !
❤️ KENZO 🙏🏼 OTHERS 👽10corsocomoseoul mens fashion DailyLook Love Respect Photo by : …
Your friends and family do n't care about your work unless someone else recognizes it first.irony
The names of the managers at this hotel are Zack and Cody ironic
No doubt , then why dont I get Sunny Leone .
Christians are quick to forget their genocide of 20 Mil Native Americans because God told them the land was theirs ManifestDestiny
When the museum has an outdoor movie showing ... Night At The Museum . All I can think is `` clever girl '' . movienight raptors funtime
If life is a game , its musiqal chairs ... [ do n't want to live with us but truthfully NEED our style to sell and fund their business ] ironic
That moment when you are writing a post about how good Windows 10 is and it suddenly crashes ... priceless Windows10
Crawling on the floor arranging cables wearing my t-shirt .
No one knows how many times God has protected us from harm . But when there is a tragedy , we ask , “ Where was God ? ” Godwithusalways
As long as they do n't call it `` Random thoughts . '' It 's like no one knows what `` random '' means . ironic
People own DSLR 's but do n't own a good computer which can process those pics ! — feeling silly
Went to turn off my music just as `` Do n't Give Up On Us Now '' came on , I could n't let my music down like that ...
What am I ? headbandz ironic son love
Was n't saying u were Just making the point that he 's been out front on issues BLM says he ignores .
For hanging of a convicted terrorist 15,000 men gather , rarely we find such sympathy for martyred army personnel fighting terrorists
. & amp ; come out 5 min early to practice kicking . RedBlacks not so much . CFLGameDay CalStampeders WhateverItTakes
I really hope this wo n't be one of those life-imitates-art situations .
What do the LAPD want ? A sugar coated view of brutality , racism , abuse ? ! GetReal Truth StraightOuttaCompton
People who smile at mobiles are higher in number than people who smile at your face !
Glad to know . I too love this building and the surrounding property . myformeremployerisnowmyemployer ironic
Just a reminder . DoubleStandards
Money Ca n't Buy Friends , But You Can Get A Better Class Of Enemy.Irony
From jimgaffigan book dadisfat cool ironic
StraightOuttaCompton told the story of achieving the American dream from the reality of the hardships of being black in America . Ironic
RanaSanaullah of PMLN says Attock Blast was done by a suicide bomber.Trust him Pakistan.Who better than him would know this ! Irony
When it comes to drama , negativity , things causing the loss of money , time , etc ... I usually miss those calls ironic
Does the fact that the only part of 50shades I enjoyed was the last three pages make me as twisted as Christian ?
Apparently the secret to making my knees hurt less was to do MORE lunges .
It 's a joke - lighten up . I 'm not mocking you .
This is hilarious ! In 2010 Bob 's brigade bullied and attacked to the point where police were called . ableg
No 'hatred ' there then .
when it is said by a Kenyan
ironic that cat is playing with my Tiffanys bracelet 😍😍😍 lovehim
It 's a medic fest on the pitch at MCFC . 2 Chelsea players down now . Someone tell Alannis Morrisette quick ironic
INDESCRIBABLE - the word used to describe something which is impossible to describe .. irony randomthought
When I see a church bus speeding on Sunday morning , I stereotype them as hypocritical sinners . WWJD LeadbyExample
ironic Arsenal both walcott and the OX have scored in our last couple of matches yet in the starting line up . how is the team selected ?
Will they be exhuming Harold Wilson for a quote ? GordonBrown talks on how to win LabourLeadership
Sometimes I wish we could go back to simpler times ... ( she types on her iPhone contradiction
The here is astounding . What is it with the south and constantly holding on to slavery ? …
Ironic Pancake .... I 'm NOT a CatPerson
Why is it that when I have lots of time , every light is green & amp ; when I do n't , every light is red ? earlycalltimeprobs
Cocktails with my sister . Mine 's a 'Strait Sling '
they made the soda bread with straighteners . ironic
Amazon Amazon US offers have just favoured this post , yet I have n't sold any on the saite The series ...
A very well-informed crowd . Brazil
The of it all .
1st half injury time Mourinho do n't look now with 2players sidelined & amp ; 1down is n't life ironic sometimes cfc MCICHE
Getting ready for church Vevo playlist on rock music ! AnimalhaveBecome
Visiting family , wearing sin lipstick to church ...... somethingisntright
Gordon Brown debt diversity & amp ; massimmigration policies fail created corbyn4Leader . Hes now trying to stop JezWeCan ironic
Gordon Brown , a man whose sole aim was to obtain power , who when he obtained it , did n't have the vaguest idea of what to do with it . ironic
... once found this in a bin in Leeds ! Apart from anything else a book in a bin upset me goodread
ironic bacon life mixed signals at the market
son Harry the british nationalist says scottish nationalists are dangerous Harry ? ; - ) x
I love how people describe others but at the same time they do this themselves .
Francis Lee a toilet manufacturer talking utter shite
Funny how they 'll use science to prove religion , but ignor the all the science which disproves it
The terrorism that HamidGul built to terrorize India , today engulfed his own country 's State Home Minister . ShujaKhanzada Attock
My timehop this morning ironic - 3 years ago , going to see them for the 3rd time tonight ❤️ beyond…
you 're the weirdo so that 's ironic .
The man who could n't cross the road in front of Red Fort to visit Jama Masjid , choses a foreign mosque to make his first visit .
oh god , not a song .... Blair won with a song did n't he ? `` Things can only get better ''
I find it funny that people have a problem with a movie promoting freedom of speech . StraightOuttaCompton
Why are the Chelsea fans booing sterling , most of their squad left on crap terms for greedy money . ironic ManCityvChelsea
Dear Geo , can you not get someone better than Tahir Ashrafi to comment on terrorism ? ? 😕😏
Some of the best photographers I know have the worst gallery on Instagram . I kind of love that . smart
He Never Visited Any Mosque In India . And He Is Secular Hahaha LolIrony
yes after a hour nd half I got through to someone ... Thanks for your speedy response tho👍🐢 all this from nations fastest network ironic
Of all the days , today had to be a 2-injury day . CFC MCICHE
Mourinho again with 9 players ... Now who is to blame ?
Gordon Brown just advocates a weird communism in which our votes belong to Labour Party
Overheard : `` Most palm oil is harvested by hand . ''
`` Jose does n't stay long at a club '' He 's in Top 5 Madrid 's and Chelsea 's longest serving managers since 1974😂😂😂😂
ed quick question is mcfc cfc afc mufc on Sky every week
Hair cut and buying extensions in one week ? ? ? Ironic
Minimum 10th grade for becoming a peon but no criteria for those who wants to run the country ? IncredibleInd
M Perez I feel the same way about atheists too . They act the same . Ironic
Light speed engines are of course powered by halogen lightbulbs StarWars
Gordon Brown , a man who never won a general election , lecturing the rank and file on how to choose an electable leader . ironic
`` Gordon Brown : 'Labour Party must be credible '' ' Deficiency NonSatire
I just watched a TEDx where Lea DeLaria explains the worst day of her life and I actually shed tears from laughter ironic
This CocaCola bottle has my ex 's name on it ... 😒 Ironic ( pours soda down the sink ) ...
es racial profiling by a reggae festival ironic
The of having an important human measure like the prime meridian , in reality , next to a trashcan : wtf life
After the Holocaust , Israel could have emerged as a champion of democracy but she ended up repeating the sadism of her persecutors
News Corp CEO Slams Google Social Media for 'Unnatural Act ' of Redistributing Content ironic share ; )
these haters love the boston homer line & amp ; do n't realize they r boston haters just as we r homers
City fans applauding for the replacement Chelsea physio ...
Tweeting about talk about tweeting ccmh15
Who was upset by Romney 's money except for the left who now supports HILLARY ?
A commercial for The Hopper on how great it is to skip commercials . Where is the hopper when I need it . ironic
Not enough physios for Chelsea at the moment lol CFC EvaCarneiro
My first cup memory of was turning Carl to win ... And that 's not a bad thing .
If the NFL gave out trophies for Domestic Violence , James Harrison would get a participation trophy . SteelersNation steelers
for sure . Wanting to win is Red Tory policy , selling principals just to get power & amp ; just plain wrong ! !
Studying nerves of the forearm and hand and hitting your funny bone
New ironic print crafthour handmade makehour wallart
Have you ever noticed that those who demand that you listen to them are often themselves really bad listeners ? parents
I 'm addicted to reading a book about an addict . TheHeroinDiares
For when I am weak , then I am strong . 2 Cor 12:10 grace stronger
So , MetroLastLight and Metro2033 are/were free for XBOX Gold , just when I finished my Play Though . ironic
. You have Eagles , I have Colts . ironic
no so much a catch 22 , more like horrible
i would use it all the time danisnotonfireisbae 😂
Their critics are their friends and supporters . ironic wcpss hypocrites
Brown urges not 2 be party of protest by electing Yet his speech is the protest .
was n't Costa 's blood supposed to be BLUE ? RentyBoys Are they ever gon na speak the truth ? CFC
Cuadrado is still on the bench and they say Memphis is a flop ironic
Brilliant ! jersey goes for £170 . That 's £17 for each of his 10 years as a Steeler !
Is n't it funny ? ! JoseMourinho must by now understand the definition of and karma MCICHE
Oh the socialmedia ca n't deny this beautifulquote and all its wondermytittytriedtokillme
blacklivesmatter , especially when in partner with Planned Parenthood ! sad How to reach them ?
Making all these GAINS 💪 but I do n't like taking my shirt off lmao . NeedATan 🙈
and Zionists seem to spend their time plotting and killing TRUE semites , i.e . Palestinians . identitytheft
Ironic since French govt owns PTM/Transdev SunTran and uses proceeds to subsidize low-income housing
Where is LENNON ! ?
It 's funny when ppl call NDP `` socialist '' without realizing both LPC and CPC are `` socialist '' too . doyouknowwhatthatwordmeans
Quickest way to dry up the pussy ? Call yourself a pussy expert .
Bring back Eva physio MCFCvCFC
When you were going to do something and meanwhile you forget what were you going to do btw .
Person gets appreciation and s/o under melanin hashtag is light skin
gyatso Arabs save pennies paying poor Asian workers in Arabia . They come to Europe USA and they behave like billionaires !
The `` rich '' you hate , pay more for you - and that has increased under a Conservative Government
While watching an online video , I just saw the advert which showed Aguero running rings around Falcao MCICHE
Just occurred to me that maybe I 'm rewatching Prison Break to see people work hard and actually get something out of it😂 Ironic
Oh the irony ! RealAmerican HulkHogan
So after all of Mourinho 's drama with medics this last week , he ended up with Man City medics treating his player ...
maybe look up `` irony ''
That typo in the image though ... ironic
Would be funny if Pelligrini went to shake hands now with a few mins to go ironic cfc mcfc
Indeed Natural news loves to censor comments they dont agree with despite pretending to love free speechirony
Not what the doctor ordered for chelsea ... mcfcfcf
I just heard `` responsible loans '' in a Wonga advert .
The SNP do n't do . SNPout
It only sucks for me though . Lol
LOL , look at this -- -- & gt ;
yo brother supposed 2 feed the homeless today but he hungry and homeless 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Jeremy Corbyn challenged on Hezbollah 'friends ' comment by Labour Friends of Israel chief Joan Ryan ironic
Gordon Brown telling us what would be disastrous for ironyCorbyn4Leader
Saying dude , how you gon na call someone an idiot which means dumb , and misspell a word .
Lol look at what just came through on the shuffle 🔀 ironic
Even though you can sleep in , you 're still up early in this time zone .
My new favourite road name : '' Dentith Rd '' irony
Nothing says like the GOP does .
not so bad , one few of Chelsea players who shot on target ... one time . ironic
I have but service in US Cellular Field at chicagowhitesox is only 3G and slow . Ironic Shameful
Anything is OK as long as the home team is winning ... even with Selig 's franchise . ironic
I wonder if has had time to look up the meaning of ironic in a dictionary in these last 19 years
Chelsea look ill , Jose looks ill , in fact they both look like they need a Doctor Doctor Jose
I wish 1K likes could clean idea , or cut the tax slab , or really bring ache din Indians
CFCs performances this season are doing wonders for my dreamteam not ! ironic
so the connection is broken arms ? ironic
First day of school tomorrow .. I can not contain my excitement ironic
I like the that this tweet was favored and retweeted by people who pray : )
Could Gordon Brown 's speech and its call for `` hope '' help Corbyn ! headinhands
There 's no movie theater in the city of Compton so one has to go straight out of Compton to watch `` Straight Outta Compton.Irony
not enough people realise that posting opinion on does not legitimise it , only gives airtime to it OpinionsAreLikeArseholes
When Gordon Brown was in a leadership election there was one candidate . And they chose the unelectable one . Ironic
A courier firm failed to deliver a map of Scotland to my address twice last week because they could n't find my house ironic
city medical team assist Costa , not enough medical staff myfootballstory
Griffith Park hike today . Only trash seen was a business card for a cleaning company .
Church trolled by God : P ..
Why my mother makes me tidy the house for the cleaner coming I 'll never understand ... motherslogic
Yeah Jose I find taking someone off at half time , always because you have total confidence n trust in them freak show fakeresult
But seriously , what occasion does n't ? Ending the weekend with a glass of pinotnoir
Manc sorry , I merely read your tweet exactly how your wrote it kid , and I 'm the spastic ? ? Hahaha ironic moronic
of the day : I 'm being followed by TV
Today two years ago we keep each other , but today we act like do n't know each other in friends TL
Neither , as in they are a couple who 've just been through a messy divorce , & amp ; they 're not speaking to eachother ✋
$ 40 and $ 50 fees at lakefront lots - all full early ! Who knew demand & gt ; supply and lakefront can help city ? ironic
this is on my to do list & amp ; I literally think about it every day ! Just goin back to work in a couple of wks & amp ; prepping 4 that ironic
i love shows that go over their runtime and prevent me from watching what I actually want to see 60minutes ironic
I know . I do n't think PGA needs fringe fans anymore . All that Tiger money from TV .
Just told you that your crazy while pacing the basement arguing with myself . yup .
Apparently 's nonstopvacation includes commercial breaks & amp ; cut versions of the films
Ironic is n't it . Most of the so called Scripture was shoplifted from the original scrolls so it 's all relative anyway
Obama is doing more to sink Hillary than FOX/Trump .
Republicans are `` racist '' and not diverse . But the democrats are the ones with all the old white people running for president . ironic facts
Dammit , I wish it had been the one to send her out ! BB17
ironic - the only group of multinational companies to follow Aussie laws & amp ; pay approp . taxes are Big Tobacco auspol
Excuse the fact that I had to take out my phone and look down to take this photo . streetart
Flipping between Selena & amp ; Legally Blonde lol ironic
Nope , not that either !
It 's rich that anonymously bashes over an anonymous hit piece .
The GOP : We 're for small government , and freedom.Let 's show you by trying to govern a woman 's body via government.Irony
Murray wins against Djokovic 2 weeks before the US Open
Thanks god that
Is it that I passed out , after an afternoon of bottomless mimosas , in the theater while watching Trainwreck ? Or is it Foreshadowing
I thought I saw my old volleyball coach today ... Turns out it was just some guy ... ironic
Ironic that the biological parents of RosieOdonnell 's adopted children were obviously ProLife . Nasty Feminists
There was a real living frog in Sweetfrog today 🐸 ironic
We do jobs which we do n't like to buy stuff that is n't required .
... I tried to take your survey . But my wireless connection froze on my Rogers iPhone . ironic
Why is it that half these girls that buy laughably expensive watches do n't even know if the small-hand tells the hour or the minute ironic
Today I bought a screwdriver set that required a screwdriver to open it ironic
make me quiz came second tonight
I was artfully ignoring the obvious intention of your reply . If we were drinking together , we would miss our deadlines !
Please go back and read . Photo of JT and Indians . JT dressed like Indians . Indians dressed in Western garb . In Canada . Ironic
StarWars day at Citi Field was just as disastrous as the Star Wars prequelsIrony Mets
LIFE is so fragile , it always surprises when you are least expecting it , makes you wait a lifetime for things you expect hardtruth
Some people u wonder if they ignore u sometimes Ironic
These came on the same day ... ironic goodjoke amica baddriverprobz
Giving job search advice to my stepmom
In response to the review of Did you mean literacy ? ironic
Social Security explained via Social security 's in danger from the 1 % who do n't need it . Ironic name ?
I think its so funny how when I dress up it takes like 15min but when I dress casual it takes hours lol ironic
Drinking Pepsi while watching coke studio 😒
. [ headslap ] Group `` Friends '' `` private jet '' come with a metal detector and X-ray machine .
Does anyone else find it ironic that half the buses in DC have ads on them ? ironic marketing
My station is showing the Nicholas Cage movie `` The Weatherman '' ... on a day when we 're expecting severe weather .
preferably much farther from Sweden , on a `` safe distance ''
family attorney last name Bland . Article incorrect ; Native Americans are killed more frequently . NativeLivesMatter .
Watching a movie about insomniacs at 3:00am . LostInTranslation
When cars circle the gym parking lot for the space closest to the door . oy Amurica
you left out how much H2O Nestle is taking to put in plastic and then selling it back !
Su you miss the point . The GPC candidate was littering ironic And it 's hilarious how you try to defend it cdnpoli
we just met a girl who works for boulder community housing and is living out of a camper in campgrounds at it 's finest
Thanks to great service from in Toronto , was able to get an earlier flight home - and watch the Jays ! ironic
Trying to stay awake so I am not woken up by nurse with my sleeping pills again
watching a pre 2010 mock the week , `` what does it matter what Lib Dem policies are , they will never get elected ''
I 'm complaining I 'm getting fat yet I 'm eating loads of shite ? ? ironic
All the shit about benteke not being good enough and 100 % of lfc fans have him in the team every week ! lfc
A Cub 's fan said that . You purchase players and still suck .
I guess now I can make sarcastic comments about things I do n't like .
I work to buy a car to go to work . wtf money stupidity work car ironic
The person you 'd take a bullet for is actually behind the trigger .. ironic
Find it funny that while I 'm trying to get a new car my current car decides not to start at all . Guess that makes the decision easier
I retweeted that
everyone knows that but noboby is for that sorrysis 😃
fat because Oreo thins
Funny ... Bernie wo n't become a Dem but wants his supporters to so they can vote .
obese man doing paper review asking diabetes questions diabetes goonadiet
lol .. a $ 3.7B market cap coin and the core wallet is - nah .. miles away from a $ 600k market cap coin ; spell ironic
s currently doing an ethics assignment for nursing course . This story is clashing badly with what I 'm writing
Sunday . My one day off . The one day I want to visit a coffee shop . Oh to bad it 's the only barista 's ONLY day off . ironic baristaproblems
Another one of favorites . Ironic AlanisMorissette PlaylistReady GoodMorningTho HappyMonday
You wo n't eat Reese 's Pieces , but you 'll eat Molly . Drugs : badGirl named Molly : acceptable ironic Fit Partyboy
I spent money to buy wallet so I can keep my money .. ironic
Lecturers of itm should really learn how to manage exams
Random reviewer uses term `` It was very badly wrote '' to describe successful veteran author 's book
Instagram worthy but does n't taste as good as the one in London ironic barcelona lunch foodie…
Thanks to for the new 'Xperia in Business ' features . Unfortunately my work Google calendar sync is now broken .
watched White Christmas the night before my last scope ironic
There on the left is the woman who pays no income tax
asking JusticeSaldanha for a byte ! Please look up article in him breaking rules
did n't he support Kings boycott ?
Amazing how things are when the tables turn ironic
trump campaign manager complains about media attention on how 'd you think you got this far ... ? Duh .
I 'm not gon na thank you for the invite , I 'm literally gon na thank you for not inviting me .
Girls wear mascara to make their eyelashes longer but it just makes them more brittle and shorter over time ..
Shane 's rigid mindset turned out to be his biggest weakness . Cost him a completion & amp ; weakened his team.IronyNakedAndAfraidXL
of Indian Cricket is that RaviShastri teaching Indian team Aggression i surely dint understand hw he played in his days ! PHEW
Why do we hate drama in our own lives but love it when we watch BachelorInParadise ? ironic guilty addicted
The world is on fire because we think our opinions are facts ! ! ! ! ! !
Definitely one of the most memorable birthday 's to date . Never forgetting this one 😊
that has to be stated clearly ! Listicles
oh the rap hiphop tampa mercutio
If you do n't have a tv licence , you could get sent to prison .. where you can watch tv all day without needing one . Just saying .
`` Nuisance call-blocking company fined £50,000 for making nuisance calls '' oh the of it
Those niggas who dnt make it at school say `` The government is controling us '' nd I say Go UnderGround nd Dig sumGold
Oh , Becky thinks it 's a bad way to play to put her up without telling her what she did wrong , or letting her defend herself BB17
in a Bears can . ironic
Who writes Andy Burnham 's 'soundbites ' ? Not as if Labour party are 'in-fighting ' right now ! No sireee ..
Soo .. I tried ice skating today . I was not good . Pretty ironic since I 'm from Minnesota . ironic
Peak ? fullbrasseye
people only care about you when you do shit for them but once you stop they stop fucking with you . ironic 😂
Mr Abbott turns out to be `` not a very reliable witness '' on his own Rhodes Scholarship . TURC AusPol
So a 5 marlay ka Plot UAE gives a mosque tour to an extremist PM Modi accused of destroying mosques & amp ; churches in India
Its like 10,000 spoon . And all you need is a knife .. ironic
Sat down on my flight and got a paper cut on the safety information card .
richards Yes , it is . And yet you are bedfellows with that which you abhorr ?
so now you can be a beach body coach , when you do n't got a beach bod ? ironic
We come to social media to expand our horizons but then eventually create group of same like mindset & amp ; stop interaction wid others !
WAKE UP DUDE ! ! You 're saving her but shes killing you . ironic
Sitting waiting for my appointment with a pancreatic surgeon listening to all the other patients discussing their favourite pubs ! !
at its finest . life
/Bits like this actually build the white brand worldwide
It astounds me how a real genuine smile shakes the very core of evil down to its boots.funny wow
A jerk with a portable speaker ended up blasting Matt Nathanson 's Headphones to everyone on the train today.irony
is spending the weekend making my grubby plane clean then tonight making this clean one grubby .
. you know what would be fair ? If Berman ruled in the appeal himself , said no one .
That 's why the Catholic Church promotes women priest .
TheStruggle lol regrann from zaxpearson : ironic - via Regrann
It 's Ironic how many holes a movie about earthquakes has in its plot-line . SanAndreas
Read this as I was on my phone in my first class , avoiding everyone in the room . ironic
This made me laugh too much not to share ! QualityFixTheM MondayMorning
I shared 's recent video on fb & amp ; my mom told me she wants me to marry him.It cracked me up bc he 's a stranger online . : p
What puts the red in Red Velvet Cake ? Oh sweetness. ? RedVelvetTriviaCake Hubby hates beets-this his fave !
I find it odd that Honolulu blew stuff up in celebration of the end of WWII .
A man just called me impolite and hung up on me
Happy birthday to 💞💋💜 also mcm ironic teamdonniesince1990
Why the MSM is a Joke in one Image : tcot P2 batman
Y not make a Model dept hving all top tchrs thenModel uniModel cityModel country And kill all the rest who left ? Irony NoToModelSec
our town could do a great job at running the country , but sadly the word you were looking for was Corbyn . TooThick
your blog post is better the bloggers blog post bloggerblackmail
The Arabs can move beyond the past and develop constructive engagements with PM Modi , but Indian politicians ca n't ModiInDubai
Strangely fair that even Republican politicians are getting swept up in this nonsense . Birthers
Loser of last Labour leadership election backing current last-placed contender because 'Labour need someone electable ' davidmiliband
Stevenson on Kovalev 's last opponent which are then followed by the odds for his next fight
Internet & amp ; mobile seems to be more important than our Environment and Climate for under-15s ! wef YouthDay ironic
Wearing running leggings laying on my bed ironic
is sometimes seriously boundless.usacubahumanrightsGuantanamogitmotorturejusticeinjustice2
Constantinople , greatest Christian city in Europe , was not destroyed by Huns , Vikings or Turks but by Christian Knights of 4th Crusade
And she typed that in her colonial language . British much ?
To do ! Will be nice to be back London a Little Black Dress & amp ; Black Tie Affair haha ironic ➰✨🍸
Armageddon TheRaptureNotAScam plus big tax breaks tween farms & amp ; church ironicShe made me feel so safe intelcommitty
So there 's a fight outside tesco today . Ambulance arrives and runs one of em over
Love12 WOW ! IKR ! Who woulda thought ? ! ? ! 😀 ironic wowzers nuts
Mountain Bike maps sponsored by Voltaren omen @ Mezzana ( TN )
Suzanne Moore , employed by the Charlie Hebdo loving Guardian , and not a Labour supporter , says how Labour supporters should talk .
Violence is not okay I do n't support it
Never thought I 'd ever see cool head and Costa in the same sentence . Not to think of him using it himself .
Sleep , art thou a dream ? Hahaha
I completely may have lost my mind and do n't know what I am doing trustyourself conflicted OKC
Following a training on GoogleAppEngine and scalability - then the training website goes down ..
A Ham eating a Pork Chop ... GOP IowaStateFair
Flying Spaghetti Monster in The Christian Science Monitor . - or is there a better term/tag ?
Built a fire pit in the middle of August this weekend , it was 96 degrees outside honeydolist but at least I got to meet
“ : rocket65 And the poor education & amp ; wilful ignorance is yours . ” Says the guy claiming too much helium
Bad Brains revival . consumerism shorttracks ironic
India is a funny country , 'Indian Express ' is hardly indian , 'The Hindu ' is Anti-Hindu , 'Indian National Congress ' is Anti-NationalIrony
News perhaps should address s inherent bias before preaching to others ! ironic
Maybe , because the flag represented .... The Southern Confederacy .
Just bought a cable from a company called `` Just Wireless '' . ironic
video not available in Australia . ironic
I 've watched every episode of The Simpsons and loved Homers job . Who would 've known 15 years later I 'd be working at a nuclear plant
It 's funny ..... Sometimes people have the kinda voice you initially imagined them to have . intuition FirstTake ironic thoughtbuzz
Life is simple and tough !
Dockery I love this tweet .
Nice Post . I once e-mailed the CXO of my health plan and she never responded : (
This has just popped up on my feed ! ! typical cooincidence
Media loves him bc he bumps ratings . freeexposure I like him because good or bad he 's authentic
Funny thing about this bloggerblackmail story is that probably now she 's going to get a BIG amount of traffic on the blog ironic 😂
To PlannedParenthood BlackLivesMatter unless they 're in the womb . lowinformationvoters
Pathetic , pitiful ironyclinton karma symbiosisIDidNotHRC & gt ; & gt ;
`` Good atention to detail '' CVmistakes AlwaysProofRead
How wonderful to discover that France can deliver a catalogue to my house but not the furniture I ordered SEVEN WEEKS AGO .
§єαη 's RandomThought of the Day : Anyone notice the behind the word “ hyphenated ” and “ non-hyphenated ” ?
why U complain when ppl use cell 📱 at your shows But U use yours at plays & amp ; screenings ? ? Ironic
This day 70 yrs later , Trump releases his 1st position paper . He ai n't no Stalin , we 're just kinda dumb .
: Apparently it 's blackcatappreciationday today . safc
People that wear items dangling off themselves w/ carabiners are the same people who would make fun of someone wearing a fanny pack .
QandADid Kelly O'Dwyer just say we should be tolerant and respect others views ? I think she is hilarious ... irony
Because sometimes you got ta get a second opinion . ihateselfies
. : `` [ So-and-so ] 's tweets are so dramatic I could die . `` irony
'Free ' Kasol Cafe Refuses To Serve Indians ! Are We The Only Ones Who See The Here ? -
Everything new becomes old & amp ; everything old is still going on when it comes to police brutality in this country . ironic & amp ; a big shame !
tweeted here noone noticed .. Someone shared on fb , millions noticed : p
My wife uses Apple Mail 's spam filter . It marked as spam : iCloud calendar change , Apple Music promos , & amp ; App Store emails .
Judging by the tags looks like everyone at Growthbeat is team periscope ...
Oh the in refusing the fall asleep . As an adult , I feel like I ca n't get enough ! !
It 's 90 degrees out , and I 'm calling around to price firewood.irony
Especially when you consider all of the Mexican construction workers we would need to hire .
Guy sitting by me at cafe looks just like Bill Gates . Meanwhile , my Excel keeps crashing so as to keep me from staring like a creep .
Most ironic thing about ? He has 6 MIllion instagram followers . Saddest ? his site is .net . mutherfuckas !
You realize how many CO2 emissions your car creates , right ?
Loved reveal book club that he is less happy as a result of writing bestseller ironic
Reminds me of shopping Karama in Dubai ; ) KusadasiTurkey ironic
This tweet just made me look out the window to see the fabulous sunset in Glasgow
Check out our video on 'Going into Business with Family ' at familybusiness startup entrepreneurship
ModiInDubaiModi 's speech in India-BJP and Gujrat ki laal karna.Modi 's speech in World-India is super power . Proud to be Indianirony
vaishali Priorities are soon becoming biggest
Ironic that fake Indian put `` The Color Purple '' curse on the Washington Racial Epithets TrueStory
lol fluence
At Granville island and a busker keeps playing `` sounds of silence . '' ironic nottakingthehint
I do n't think I 've ever seen anyone twerk to mystikal `` watch yourself ''
your Twitter name sounds like the name of a pub Ironic Wineandsodawaterpls
What a crazy sign haha . No one rents VHS anymore ...
The quality of the English language has disintegrated into an increasingly worse and worser status . Language English Dry Humor
Laugh or cry ? Both ? duped flabbergastery findthisfool craftchocolate raiseyourbar
nonsense . When the allies withdrew they were in a much better position to defend themselves . sad
The truck transporting a truckload of tires just got a flat on the 15 . How ironic
I wonder how many people write scathing articles about on an Apple device made at ...
Oh the growler craftbeer
Your appreciation is much appreciated . MacQuotes
Yes , we used to be able to before Washington stepped in and took them over .
of having a milk advert on a video where a man is gored to death bullfighting is not lost on me bancruelsports
You might not believe this but my car tyres are actually Yokohama
When you see this is the new motto at Dulles security and you have to laugh
Irrelevant & amp ; irresponsible Tweets ! Irony yeh humari Perhi-Likhi-Class hai : (
the internet made you , but now it will brake you .
When a hoe tells it 's bestie , `` yeahh girl they just jealous ! '' Odds are , they 're actually not . theirony ironic
joe ... how accurate can it be ? An article on Brit culture written by a person named croissant ! French
In an effort to make racially diverse , they make a black and white family compete against each other for $ 20,000 . ironic
Reading an article about improving sleep via my tablet at 10pm. ! ? ! confused ironic
Says the guy who produced a nonunion standup series for FOX where people were paid in `` exposure '' for material
Nothing says like a POTUS Trump policy . You 've been forewarned America ! Register at
Story from : `` Can you tell me the time ? My Apple Watch died . ''
Oh Bill , you were trying to tell us years ago , were n't you ? cosby
4/ trad . skincare mkting = make women insecure about themselves ; w/ masc . brands = make men feel secure about use ironic
IS THAT THE AWAY FANS COMPLAINING ABOUT NOT GETTING REFEREEING DECISIONS ? ! ? !
this counts as bitching about it
I was once awarded a large scholarship for vocal performance and tells me to stop singing . She must not be into the arts .
The REAL Colonel Sanders sounds a lot like Norm McDonald .
Did anyone else catch the of `` dear colleagues '' in the Chancellor 's address ? GradInsurance mizzou walkout noclassnextweek
is when you1 . Found a sect2 . Marry a crude guru nicknamed `` the hog '' 3 . Nurture a crude cult4 . Get dumped for acting like a miner
Weather proofing my brogues because rumor has it there may be rain whilst in Scotland traveling soon Starz true ?
love sky commenting on bournemouth fans ' 530 mile round trip on a monday as if they didnt move the game to that day £££
Driving 10 miles past your house because you were dictating an email to your friend ... about focus . actualADHD
Great humour from Bournemouth fans singing All we want is a decent referee ( to the We all live in a yellow submarine , Beatles song )
I 'm absolutely sure that those who are absolutely sure are wrong hmmm humor
dewar you mean spelt ? ! Ironic
Repost from 😍 this streetart graffiti camden rooftop selfie girl art desi…
They are proving us right when they are actually trying to prove us wrong ! Ironic ! Hahaha
The fake girls like tenerife cause people are not fake . travelguides
Think I need a break . ironic
Packing is the first step to como but the ratio of wanting to pack to wanting to be in como is so uneven it hurts .
Doing my medical exam for my permanent residency and the immigration doctor is n't even Canadian ... ironic
People be at the dmv still not following the rules of the road
There is a sardonic side to me which likes translating the dialogue of an English movie about France into French ALittleChaos
A new one to me . in Fundrasing cdnpoli fundraising events
Media you mean like the great man of letters GW Bush did
Is there a connection there ? Hmmm I think sooooo ... pot MarijuanaNews
I ca n't help but notice that all of my buddies who were players in high school have multiple daughters now . karma
Now Whom To Blame ? Media Content on Screens or illiteracy ? France
Horse back riding through the beautiful Flintstone mountains of Cappadocia and saw a woman on an ATV filming with selfie stick .
twitter can not rescue roseoftralee for me . But maybe eurovision style voting would .
Britney picks up Style Icon Award at TeenChoiceAwards in a dress so short & amp ; tacky I can see her birth canal !
Is n't it ironic that homeless people drink Tennant 's ? WeirdnessWins homeless LastLeg
Bish be having a strong ass relationship with a man in jail . But a week after he gets out😂😂😂
Lips .... '' I 'm used to luxury '' ...... '' yay mcdonalds '' travelguides
When Mexico builds DonaldTrump 's 2,000 mile wall , his supporters will all bitch about the Mexicans getting great construction jobs .
Apparently I ca n't buy car insurance online ... with Autonet ! Might want to rethink that name ! ironic
So far I only heard the most powerful and wealthiest names in music industry complain about streaming services
All Speed Trap States are in the South , Home of Liberty Rhetoric , limited Gov Regulation . `` Keep gov out of our cotton-pickin lives . `` irony
Before criticizing propaganda in his classic novel `` Nineteen Eighty-Four , '' George Orwell worked as a propagandist for BBC . ironic
The day I 'll be touring is the night mars will be visible . ironic august27
Stewart this actually made me laugh so much
Learned more this summer than I ever did in school ironic
A fruit fly just flew into my fruit smoothie ... ironic
oh this is interesting jesus vs Christianity popcorn
It makes me so happy that even though the BBC canned Jeremy , they 're currently airing a `` Top Gear : Best of Jeremy '' on BBCAmerica
just saw a presentation that the speaker said they moved out on as it did n't work while praising it bigscala
`` Presentation is everything . '' - Guy with huge , unruly beard on Vistaprint commercial . ironic
What 's a 'Christian ' doing with a psychic ? RHOOC
you might have been able to afford it if you didnt buy the outfit ...
Just noticed the mistake in my last post . ironic
I to finish this button with the phrase .. With guava beans and a nice Chianti linux Anyone…
Could n't have said it better myself .
Do n't take anything anybody under 30 says seriously
Sophomores making fun of first years with Lanyards when they did the EXACT same thing last year but .... ironic
True but here we are like two auld one 's giving it oxygen . IronyDOH ! !
has made a big change to the pumpkin spice latte ... they are adding pumpkin . ironic maytastedifferent
i have talked to god , you dont want to believe me on faith
True ! Clay is in much better shape . I 'm no Clay fan , but he was the character that Austin is trying to play . BB17
The Victorians were aresholes the Tories are as well WhereWouldWeBeWithoutThem
Yes , those are Jalapeños Let the delay begin ! FlightDelays WhyWasIInNashville CallAlanis…
I get done at the gym , and all I can think about is a chocolate milkshake . ironic ? I blame the heat ! RandomTweet
Dear , thanks for the denial of a HELOC on grounds of `` insufficient credit exp . '' AND a huge limit CC offer in same mail day .
`` Big Show , you think you can just stand in front of a camera and call yourself an actor ? `` - Miz RAW
I was wondering what you thought of A-G Brandis being told to respect the law .
Pique got sent off with a red card so he can go celebrate in Madrid FCBAthletic FCBlive athlive
sawanad during after tweeting about how effective these ads are .
If get his wall , it will likely be paid by U.S. citizens and built by immigrants ... and it still would n't work .
Saw a man driving a foreign car with a `` I Support My Local Economy '' license plate cover .
Just noticed the bottle cap from the beers I 'm drinking with the dogs 2nite
You forgot & amp ; LackOfSelfAwareness
why do I find all good reads on internet on the day of my internals . ; ) ironyconfused
Sometimes genius goes unnoticed . 😂😂😂😂
What are the odds almost two consecutive tweets contradict each other ? ironic fate words
and of them plays for Oregon St , which is basically Utah now . ironic
TeamStardust no doubt ... this is WWE not some fake ass TV show
My opinion and experience . quotes honestly truth ironic value inspirational motivational…
The fact that out here blocking ppl for their reaction to her blue ivy `` joke '' 😩 cant take what u dish huh ? whysosensitive
Autocorrect does n't correct the word `` autocorrect . ''
Our are unconscious is VERY blind to us and can be seen best in hindsight , of course when it is less valuable . timeAFTERtime love
While EPA obsessed over your grill emissions , they contaminated a Colorado river perspective
only rivaled by Greek Tragedy
What it is funny about DonnyOnUSA is that Donny really hosted a TalkShow so a Talk Show host is Playing a talk show Host : ) or Ironic ? ?
Funny how we used to call each other friends ... And now we are strangers . ohwell
This sign should 've listened to itself . Arizona Grand Canyon @ Grand Canyon West Rim
agree , footage is excellent quality aswell fair play . Hope he spends the next year painting railings 4 community service
Its very ironic as hell how a fat woman laughing at another fat woman who is exercising trying to lose weight stupid healthy idiot
While I was at the store picking up a package , left a notice for another at my home . indieparent alltheerrands
3p Today so no reason to have any worries and questions then . Looks rock solid this . ironic
haha I see what you did there ... ByeJoe
Nothing says more than me standing in line for my medicine for Shingles . I was diagnosed…
yet religion proped up in his name
i mean that tweet may just bring you an ashton follow lmao
I just need 1 day like this .. Guess I got ta give somebody the time of day . 😩 I hate wasting my time😑
Guess the ethnicity of the woman who is on trial for killing & amp ; burying her baby .. had another in jail , the 2nd child is in foster care
so the shop down the road that sells CCTV and Alarms . well… their Alarm is going off , and has been for about half an hour . itworks
ok has a former White House spokesperson trying to convince people it 's a fuzzy kumbya place to work . ironic
Today I was yelled at for throwing trash into a store dumpster . Sad thing is I work there and it was my job . strangesituations
a portrait of Kevin Hart done with something that is bad for your heart . ironic
The Ramses brand condom is named after Pharaoh Ramses II , who is believed to have fathered over 160 children . WorldHistory Unit1
Manjrekars , Chopras & amp ; Bhogles are giving sermons on how to play spin as if they had mountains of runs in Test against spinners .
in between Najam Sethi is a Red
Or kehte hain operation successful !
India is a place where a woman is not allowed to enter the temple during puberty to worship goddess Durga/Kali .
. died by taking birth !
thriveexperience representative on my fb brags about patch .. gets sick and does n't know why ironic funny What a waste of $ 100+ a month !
grew up in b-town / visited Compton ( at UCLA ) , was our jam . SDN is my new jam , do n't forget about Dre ! startuplife ironic
`` We 're being profiled , because we 're black or latino , by racist white confederate flag waving rednecks '' Blacks and Latinos
of me what we did 4 our MP , He doesnt even recognise me now.anyways wll always work4
because you see what you want to see . Immigrants have no affect on anyone that is willing to find work . ironic
Anybody else see in pediatric oxycontin FDA approval and White House opioid initiative announced on same day ?
If every man in the world got married tomorrow , there would be women in the world praying for divorces or men to be unfaithful
The time that something is missing is when you really need it
Waste in the NHS - well here it is - in the monolithic behind the scenes regulators - £108k for an economist
Nowadays You are a socially famous person if you post critics on every other thing happening around you !
. has turned 25 recently , but 's actually a lot more , like 38 or over 40 , but it 's Photoshoped
Here at Odin 's Children , we are bringing back the old ways of Asatru with the newest form of communication ; social media ! ! ! irony
definitely a puzzling case why she 's beaming like her political career reached it 's pinnacle by taking over trainwreck
Life in Paris is really not too expensive lol ironic
Ind lives wth its strnge Thought 2ponder 4r whre Richest poorest vaccum z highest
So , I tripped up the stairs behind a blind girl today and she laughed at me . waitwhat
What a joke to see the renewableenergy investment & amp ; job wrecking Abbott Govt assert that the ALP is not serious about jobs ! Auspol
Flexing in my new localcelebrityla tee for morning yoga with 😴 namaste
1 eh . Probably fell asleep .
Pub quiz tonight .30 ! Come destroy some brain cells while trying to remember your teenage education . Now that 's a challenge ! ironic
Why do old people have to repeat everything people say and form it into a question ? IRONIC aggravating notimeforHAGS
Trying to watch MrRobot on online and it crashes at every commercial ironic
Malaysia is the host for the 16th International Anti-Corruption Conference
Should change the club mascot from a Black Cat to a flattened hedgehog safc
waigwa Alexis And you 're one of those `` plastic '' if you do n't understand how we do our transfers . Ironic
Abortion supporters claim 2b prochoice yet when rape victim choose life they go awall repealthe8th
watching Spelling Bee and feel the need to let you know that Gippsland has a double p in the middle . spellingbee
22 we meant like verbally not physically . Sorry for the miscommunication . ironic
they 're all Japanese and yet the only one who does n't look Japanese is mikasa
The that cities being flooded , like Beijing , are also water scarce- water resources dvlp is so important
My ex girlfriends are n't even from the same country yet both their bdays fall 1 day apart 8/17 & amp ; 8/18 . Both blonde , both nuts .
please tell me that you know that Phil Spector produced this track hahahaha
My momma does n't like me drinking either ! Too bad golf makes me drink more ! IRONic
says the man who 's name is 26 and has a photo of a random guy as his profile pic
THE PROBLEM W/horrormovies IN THE 90'S-2000 'S IS THEY WERE TOO IRONIC OR DARK OR HEAVY ON THE SUB-PLOTS . FROM '05-'10 THEY 'RE CONVALUDED
I am stuck in SD trying to get a flight so I can make it to the Detroit concert tomorrow .
ADSS - After losing alot and trying to catch the bottom many many times ... Its fair to say , i missed it lol Ironic WellDone 🙈
spence sorry for spaming : D
is 3 MLA of BJP are not allowing 67 MLA of AAP to work efficiently for DelhiAssembly.Arvind Bhai , Hum Alibagh se nahi aaye hai😁😁😁
When you get depressed over seeing tweets about depression Ironic
The next time you go to Egypt , none of the wall reliefs will look like you . As you bleach your skin , Krishna fulfills your desires . Ironic
I must confess it but I ca n't , I should do it but I do n't want , I would like but you are not the same . Ironic
Before his rap career , Rick Ross went to Albany State University and worked as a correctional officer from '95-'97 . ironic nowyouknow
Have always wished you well .... but I never knew the opposite is what you have for me of life .
makes me laugh when girls use to only get perms and weaves while bashing girls with braids Now suddenly they 're all getting braids ironic
Ali Shafiq Oh yes ... Cuckoo land I fogot IronicAs I said pointless 2 talk 2 a pakiThink ur pride has taken enough battering for a day
Please check out my latest piece for the good people at getthelabel ironic tshirts 71legendooms maleblogger
Woman on bus to the airport who did n't authenticate her ticket , complaining it takes too long .
Nitish and Lalu used to call themselves scion of Jay Prakash Nayaran movement and now they are forming alliance with Congress.IronyBihar
I was give a script for it earlier this year but I was too anxious to take it
It takes a great winner to admit defeat
It was warm & amp ; sunny yesterday , is going to be warm & amp ; sunny tomorrow , but on my day off TODAY it 's heavy rain ironic ☔
Iron is broke TooBad Ironic
Kid called me a dumb nerd hah ironic
To think I spent so much striving to get into a good college and now finding I may not be fit for college ironic
Ironic WellDone bummer . Just saw this
Today , viewers griped about people voting for stupid ballot measures , and a move to limit the number of stupid ballot measures .
`` we are all unique , just like everyone else '' actually means we are all just the same and no one is .
only waited since elementary , or The Woman In Me , to see her . ironic Shania check @ SAP Center
Reading clinical research article on FOMO , and overlay pops up with prompt to 'Follow us and never miss a thing ! ' . ironic fomo
A journo who shared questions with Sonia before HT summit is now talking about how .
Strange that the media keep slagging off Miliband but also keep wheeling out Kinnock who urged us all to vote for him . oxmoronic
if you want good music , watch tv shows .
Ali Shafiq I will .... but looks like u need to give ur ahole back to arabs 2 plz them Thnx n block retardIronic
the same guy who was telling Patriots fans to be less sensitive when the NFL was winning the PR war ? ironic
not using this colour scheme of this layout : (
Periscope is great , but sure can be distracting ! 3 scopes this a.m. on productivity & amp ; I have n't checked anything off my ToDo list . ironic
Video : Honestly , I was expecting Motorhead or Judas Priest . biker marine kennylogins ( at Fox ...
MEN 'S WINDBREAKERS 💨🔎💻📱✅ Stay dry & amp ; protected ! jacket ironic edera print love style fashion…
the campus has lots of brand new buildings ... beautiful . Donors gave big $ for them but now ca n't pay people to teach in them
What if tsumani of cash unleashed by Citizens United becomes destroyer of GOP by funding Tea Party lunacy ?
Forcing one 's `` understanding '' on others is purpose defeated by the manifestation of true understanding lacked.irony
Single women are so quick to dish out relationship advice that 's supposed to empower other women through man-bashing . MaybeItsYou ?
The gun show has gunsense !
1st requirement is finding appropriate care for while you 're away .
And on this day , 95 years later , this is on the radio .... irony 19thamendment StongWomenRock
it 's a black fly , on your good Chardonnay ... Ironic
I hope you 're being ironic
They did n't want a black principal then the department shuts the school down sends it to Soweto RoodepoortPrimary
My phone survives and entire weekend in Vegas and then my screen breaks when I drop it walking into my house as I get home😒
IronyShy person takes course about communicationStoryOfMyLife
's Twitter feed yesterday . I 'm being civil and diplomatic unlike the `` liberals '' he describes . arpx arleg prayforAR
Honestly , I was expecting Motorhead or Judas Priest . biker marine kennylogins @ Fox Studios
People who judge others , many times , fail to understand themselves .. Irony
BachelorInParadise shames amoral behavior . ( Excluding putting people in uncomfortable situations and profiting from the results )
M60 J11 c/w traffic still being diverted down the exit slip to rejoin the other side . Recovery has arrived scene but then broke down ironic
Great I can get Sober and Drunk at the same place ! ! ! recycle
AskJubilee No answer to my question on accurate service information ?
Some great morning tunes 👍🏻 DescendTheShadesOfNight MachineHead ThroughTheAshesOfEmpires…
My cat is suppose to giving birth soon and she keeps wanting me to stay in the closet with her .
Ironic how the most narcissist people have the least desirable qualities . sadbuttrue
This was part of the DWP ’ s attempt to reduce fraud
chambers Response to this is that NOBODY lost a job BECAUSE of Walker 's reforms . He saved those ppl & amp ; they hate him for itirony
Let me just trust my life to something that 's literal purpose is to prevent life
Allen Same ppl who say they ca n't amend to `` Illegal child not auto-citizen '' are same who want 2 for gun control . Ironic
Will U.S. companies ever pay any compensation for the enormous damage THEY have caused in Latin America ?
I guarantee that everyone praising Harrison received a participation trophy as a young child , but does n't remember it .
yep and got ignored . Staff seem tense and abrupt , struggling with horizon it seems , ironic
His and Hers ! Bae got me some new kicks ! crossfitshoes ironic wedontcrossfit idowhatiwant…
GlosBizAwards interesting to see a company like Attivo 'nominated ' for 'best place to work ' when 25+ people have left in 9 months
And they say has no place in this world ... Very good !
Ironic that a trending news topic is berniesanders critiquing a journalist about her stupid hair question ... We suck .
Exhibit A : Never heard from this guy EVER but here he is , in MY mentions , just to disagree . lol
So for nitish kumar n jdu .Bihar = Nitish kumar . And they blame others for demeaning bihar n biharis . . newshour packagepolitics
I hate sleep , because it 's threatening to take my dreams away from me ... NotTodayZurg
Hottest day of the year and I 'm stuck in traffic behind a salt truck !
So has the Democratic Party .
As a Republican , I feel free to say `` These Yahoos would have made a helluva group of Founding Fathers ''
So slow but we 're the ones whose always trending worldwide 😂😂😂 ironic
doco bout allowing deaf people access does n't have captions on SBS on Demand so deaf people can access it hypocrisy
`` TRUTH REVEALS A ... - Authors Micropoems Plot Poem Poet Poetry Poetweet Writer Writing ...
nghiem I have a ranger rx but an A head has a flash duration too fast for hypersync
Affordable Care Act and the war on Autistic Kids : obamacare autism tcot p2 schools kids
So they murder a suspected murderer ? ironic
The of an employee who wo n't fully retire for fear of dying soon after but does less than the bare minimum of work while employed ....
Ive been working literally so dam much - ( everyday ) till i get scoldings for it HAHAH
People who do n't know how to tackle their own life 's major problems often give advices to the 1s who have nothing going wrong.Lol .
94 also Britons were the ancient celts , believed to be of Czech or brittanic descent .
Just a bit of light hearted reading on this glorious day mha1983 sectioned act law
Will the U.S ever `` compensate '' Brazil for the pain and suffering they caused by backing the military coup ?
Why is it that the people who forget to turn off their ringers seem to always have the volume set to max ? ? ? ironic
would n't be ironic if I complaint a lot , and my argument been `` I 'm not a chatty person `` ? ? ?
Well is n't this DELICIOUSLY ironic - a toothbrush made out of iced gingerbread gingerbread…
The leading Republican candidate is running on repealing 14thAmendment The party of Lincoln GOP passed the 14thAmendment 2016
Good thing this big ass plastic bottle has a smaller cap so it contains less plastic . savetheenviorment
Beautiful girls do n't look good on their wedding day .
I am so lucky beeing one of 1 % of people who suffer vaccination side effects : ) vaccination
Dave Smith says FU to Rupert , sells other 4 games to C10 , NRL fans cancel Fox & amp ; just d'load their favourite show , Fox goes tits up .
Just used Google Translate to translate the words `` Tercumanlik Burosu '' . Turns out , it means Translation Bureau .
Being told you 're getting a raise while on your way to an interview for a new job . ?
The pic thou !
Girl the 1st , pointing : What word is this again ? Me : `` Remember '' .irony
What a sky ! itsnotraining rare blessed ironic Galway Ireland sky nofilter canyfloss clouds…
Being told I have no life by people honouring an ex boy band member on Twitter because of a passing comment😳
No to racism advert at halftime uefayoucunt
Its too far , too impossible ! 😏 thats where faith lie ... Added up with day to day pressure which somehow depressing and frustrating ! ironic
Does n't help that today it was right at the top of my feed . ironic
Thanks Dartfordcrossing for making my journey quicker . ironic
Another insult . Your arrogant opinion . You also presume to have the mind of God you do n't believe in ironic
Did n't Gallop get the coke & amp ; sars for being too reactive. ? ironic
Students that ca n't clear 3 year course in 8-10 years are outraging at the appointment of less competent chairman
Anyone see the in this man 's name & amp ; the accusations ?
Lol .. N morons @ FTII were saying they r against Gajendra cuz dont want politics ! ! Irony facepalm
its 1-1 and Club Brugge have no shots on goal
There is a flasher running around Johnson county ... ironic
Stabbing yourself with a safety pin ironic absolutely kills though !
So he will have more Super Bowl rings and Money than Peyton .
`` Aspiration : Create bldgs that reflect 's values & amp ; minimize enviro impact . '' Tulsa
( con ) IRONY .... by Vic Roberts gross wtf weird stupid fuckedup xbox gaming gamer sketch
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness , I look at the cup half full so does this mean I like being angry ?
In an effort to reduce stress I have deleted Facebook . First stop ? Twitter .
MakeLifeBetterIn3Words & amp ; George Zimmerman trending next to each other . lol .
Haha just realise the of my situation and my story 's title : 'Death of Perception'writersblock
Everybody wants to have higher salaries but they do n't wannapay more taxes.Irony
Reading Torture Report can get into solitary confinement , which is considered torture by many
This is true . He 's not lying .
We ’ re having to do all the work on our house to sell it that are the main reasons we ’ d want a new house in the first place .
Go see a movie with all your church co-workers , first preview is for the Hillsong documentary lol 😄
qoftheday is n't calling someone judgmental well , ahem , judgmental ? thinkbeforespeaking
I always find it ironic to watch an infomercial about save money workout at home while on the precor at the gym lol
Getting the pizza pizza flyer every week even though they wo n't deliver to your address . NowImMad
What a good command of Queen Elizabeth 's language Mugabe has ! ! ! ! Ironic
So we 're in Ibiza right , and it 's raining cats and effin dogs ! obvs have no umbrella !
An arid machakos is having piped water while bomet is buying plastic tanks , when its a major source of Sondu & amp ; Mara river in Mau
s are you guys being ironic in these tweets ?
Classes are not fun at all , but learning is ironic
It makes me nervous when someone says their horse is forward , but I run my own horse into a wall to stop her . ironic
the only thing ironic about these tweets is that is n't favoriting them when we offer our praise
When coach smart tells you not to get hurt and then your shoulder gets messed up in practice 😭 JinxedMe Ironic
If I got a tattoo noregrets noregrits
may be Ala should have attended and got some tips .
I 'm wondering whether the narcissist expert that is interviewing knows he 's talking to a complete narcissist
Jeez , Bianca Westwood moaning about something being dire
RGIII laughs at how 'd delusional Eli has become . nfl bestinleague
People who prob do n't vote voted 2 make it easier 2 vote ? Maybe elections can be done by phone like The Idol ?
Savior of Aam Aadmis is watching movies before Aam Aadmis . 😁😁
maybe they meant temple as in synagogue ?
I do n't understand why everyone is using hashtags for everything and every whims ? ! ? whyhashtags ponderingmeaningoflife
So true is n't ot . These help when things get rough , hope it does the same for you . Life balance faith ...
USA 2015 : If you offend someone , you hate everyone . If you offend someone , everyone hates you . ironic USA thinkaboutit
I wannalearn how to play the piano but I hate it is unreal
No matter how hard I try ( not to ) , I always seem to get bacon grease on all of my shirts . Now this one . ironic
the counselor that told me not to go to my school last year is the counselor of my school this year .
Excited for tonight and my phone battery is low bc I 've been on social media all day LOLZ
Racist nativist is concerned small businessman is ruining game for everyone . innovation riskeverything
died when calling others gay SARgay 's confession Aur doob mar 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Those who know me will know why this is funny .
In the bar .. `` People who earn £50k , £75k , £100k , they make me sick '' Dave Prentis steps up ... Huge cheers . ironic
Ironic
`` we need devolution .. We know what to do in the North East .. London do n't '' .. Then goes on to say we should help in Syria . ironic
. hat truth Yep , if people seek abortions in Wichita 'us pro-lifers should blow them to pieces ! ' - American
To think there are girls posting that and ca n't even catch the mistakes in it😂
listening to God Delusion on way home , turned over to Spotify , Spirit in the Sky playing ... Ironic
I love when anti-choice people call themselves pro-life ... prochoice womensrights
DUhockeyFan Racist nativist is concerned small businessman is ruining game for everyone . innovation riske…
the neighbor who always complains about others making noise now has carpenters over who are shaking the entire building
Go Old School : Read A Newspaper ( and , yes , I 'm aware of the of posting this on Twitter ) partylikeajournalistprint deadtrees
I got oil on my HASHISH ! book !
oh yall . Thank you . hearts : )
And they are 4G now
And this is why we ca n't have nice things tuesday bullseye truefact
You were on last ngt talking about healthy baby food + I was making sugar-laden biscuits
Losing sleep over dreams ...
Unless of course you are on the TodayShow and they cut the feed before you finish talking . AllLivesMatter
Idiots cans do criminal act at any time but , arresting them at midnight is a crime ! FTII
Today I posted 2 videos on instagram from my son 's skating lesson & amp ; in between them shared a vid of
SanFrancisco landlord who researches aging issues is evicting seniors who helped her ailing aunt . housing
The same time for he highest percent of storms was the best weather we had all day . ☀️☔️⚡️
liverpoolplains got ta love the latest innovations catalogue renewables auspol for your garden ...
I just finished writing my `` bucket list . '' Turns out number 7 is `` own a bucket . ''
We 're all too busy doing nothing Ironic
U were doing fine until th name calling . Speaks poorly for you . Ppl she 's be able to disagree w/o the hate .
Takes a lot to understand the true nature of things . life wisdom yinyang spiritual truth
My artist/musician friends are against people stealing their work or using it w/o permission but pirate games and torrent shows
I just realized that a trailer is a trailer because it trails behind the car laurensbrain
Got an automated text to preorder the new Samsung Devices on Verizon on my AT & amp ; T iPhone 6 Plus
The CPCGeezer says `` Vote For Harper you lying piece of shit . '' elxn42 cdnpoli
So Then U decide to Break Others Heart Ironic = ) )
Instilling sheer panic . ironic
Owned by atheists
The media sends intelligence thru little kids to make us feel dumb but it 's the only way to get people to understand
As I left my stove while I was cooking to see what 's up
Adoring friends ' adorable baby pics on Facebook while furiously fanning myself thru a hot flash .
Watching Greys at a hospital . ironic
Singing `` Unforgettable '' . Ca n't remember the words .
. I picked up 2 copies of the single today .. the total came to $ 4.20 .
if true Alanis Morrisette should sing the anthems . ironic
Why should anyone who is in development work for free ? exploitation interns unpaidinterns globaldev
Researching Socrates & amp ; listening to TLDDC podcast imawareofTLDDC
This man ( obviously me ) is the only enemy I have . ( purely )
yeah seriously , wonder what Paris Hilton thinks about that ..
Deep thoughts by . Whether they ’ re quality thoughts is up to you
Abetz criticizes Senate as acting as Kangaroo Court . But wants them to establish a real Kangaroo Court called the ABCC . auspol
What 's it called when you get what you want , but in a very fucked up way ? Ironic ? ? ?
when a song starts out with `` aye , aye , ok look ... '' it really gets my attention . just me or ironic ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
Lol enough said . ironic
Who can quote a personal attack on Corbyn by senior party figures ? Is implying such a personal attack in itself ? Labourleadership
Photo : Clever Advertising for Snacks ! 👤 Design PrintAds Ads marketing GraphicDesign ironic SMM ...
. So what is it like to have it all then lose it all ?
Why is everyone so fucked up ? Also , I probably need to cool it on the Intervention binge watching .
So Trump wants to deny citizenship to US born children of illegals ... immigration politics humor memes
Erin came up to me and said `` Want this ? '' ironic
there 's a line in the women 's bathroom at disneyland ironic
`` Met '' Pete Hoyt tonight . Self-professed libertarian who expects others to provide him with a cell phone cause he wo n't buy his own .
1989 was so 2014. ironic
OH NO ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Jindal is against birthright citizenship .... inners
Old broken furniture + laissez-faire waiters = over-priced average beer.hipster retro ironic therealhipsta
mari Crazy . But I 'm asked pretty much every time in California even though mine does n't say `` check ID . '' ironic
Eating grapefruit & amp ; Pringles while watching the hunger games ironic
when the right shows its unbelievably shocking lack of self-awareness
If we are trolls .. then how u describe yourself ? Owl ?
Listening to on radio while reading an article on LoveTravels featuring them , & amp ; ironic
What a difference a year makes .
Craigavon Tesco have lube & amp ; pregnancy tests stacked right beside each other ...
This Coming from One Who Says She Is `` Catholic by Choice '' Pot Kettle Papist Oligarchy RT . Some of y'all are nuts
SMH got a Chelsea fan on my TL saying how United and City are spending millions to win the title
shield Delegitimization & amp ; dehumanization to justify oppression , displacement & amp ; land grabbing.lebensraum
lol , i tried .
I typed `` gato '' and it auto corrected to `` hayosh ''
Dallas bashes Murray about being now `` Injury Prone '' , Dallas losing key players to injuries all over the place . ironic
ya ca n't write stuff like that ! WaterMainBreak
More `` dead words '' material . Side note : working on Word Study ppt as I found this list of `` bad '' words .
Ca n't sleep cos my stomach is growling like someone passed through and ate all the porridge . The only way to shut it up is to sleep
Ohmegerd Windows10 can see my pirated software ! Quick , let 's share this story to Google , Facebook , & amp ; Twitter .
Canada ranks sixth out of 152 countries on Freedom index while its southern neighbour the USA is 20th .
- Jared was 12 inches long until someone stopped to measure him . Turns out he just shy of 11 inches .
Jindal agrees with Trump about birthright citizenship ironic
Abbott backs Kathy Jackson as `` heroic '' auspol
‘ Straight Outta Compton ’ Not Playing In Home City Due To Lack Of Theater « CBS Los Angeles
Kane TX That 's good . We `` people of faith '' bad mouth each other enough for everyone .
Searching the Internet makes you think you ’ re smarter than you actually are . - Frank Luntz 16/8/2016
arbys you 're my reason to keep living .
So called 'sanskari ' people goes all abusive when the views simply do n't match .
Animated Why is it that you look like Bane from Batman & amp ; Robin in your profile pic ? ironic
I live for the Zouis duet in Do n't Forget Where You Belong . ironic
Did you ever notice , financial experts always look like they 're near death . funny haha money death comedy jokes humor joke
Children 's filmmakers celebrate & amp ; romanticises 'pirates ' , will 'terrorists ' be hallowed the same way next century ? Disney
The one day I leave really early for work is the same day I get EVERY RED LIGHT . ironic 😒
I 'm an onion , get it ! ? metaphor thoughts
And I 'll bet the TX Christians who hate Catholics w/vitriol prolly fear `` creepingSharia . ''
like the millwall fan saying barnsleys a shithole as well
in my travels today -- we saw this . myname mylife ironic
but you keep people alive in the ICU !
Watching Extreme Weight Loss while eating fried chicken ! winning extremeweightloss yummyinmytummy
`` manteniendo el visio '' - old bum sitting outside the shop lol . ironic
the Seinfeld you were thinking of earlier is on right now ! ironic
- pay for seat upgrade , end up between two screaming babies and a salty toddler . truestory travel
I hope you 're listening to Dark Side of the Moon under the light of the Moon !
Now he 's wearing sheets on the weekends .
Hadfield was the first song I added to Spotify .
Victor Frankenstein trailer ! Andrew Scott is a police here . ironic
Life disconnects & amp ; death reconnects Politicians
Finally watched Gone Girl . And now and I are arguing about it . ironic
During UPA rule , MMS & amp ; Sonia were responsible for all actions of the state . Now , with a STRONG PM , it is the bureaucrats and police !
Saw this picture and had to share .. haha pizza dominos yyc sad truth funny
yes I know it 's a joke on `` fan interference '' the player interfered with the fan 's right to catch a foul ball .
S/o to `` How to Read Literature Like a Professor '' for ruining every book ever written while it tries to teach us how to read better
RT : `` A streetphotography shot from yesterday I found ironic photography VictoriaSecret http ... ''
I just hurt myself with a heating pad ... ironicpathetic
ok good .. did anyone else see in her picture she was wearing a shirt that said 'leave me alone ' ironic
1 maybe your giving the wrong people to many chances 😏cheer up everything will get better with time ! ❤️
The funny thing is you have PTSD and so do I but yet you call `` someone '' a c u next Tuesday ! '' classy ironic
Everyone is working out and I 'm here watching bae play football with hot fries in work out clothes well
Oh , Amazon . The road to empathy is not paved with employee purges ironic
I mean , at some point , Bill has to start worrying about Hillary staining the Clinton legacy , right ?
So glad to finally be getting some rain in Tampa right now . Flooding
bynum I do n't think you realize just how idiotic this statement is ! ! facepalm religiot
it carries a certain truth though . Both yours and ours think they are licensed to poke and pry into our lives !
The biggest communication problem is we do no listen to understand , we listen to reply . QuotesOfTheDay ToughEnough wednesday
merder 😉 I got him as a tiny kitten when the 1st movie came out . No clue he 'd end up HUGE ! SATC
did n't he have a different kind of record for doubles last year ?
greenblatt nope ... hits , comments , tweets . Marijuana is good for media bizness . ironic hearst
when same anchors pinned your side of story for full year without any evidence then they were not machinations ? ?
Looking around the grandstand , it 's mostly Dodger blue here in T10 .
cracking down on domestic violence but promoting fights in training camp . seemslegit makessense hypocrites nomore
someone cant help hurting u , someone cant help making u happy ...... and u cant help wishing the one who hurts u to make u happy !
`` : : \ i do n't understand why it 's so hard for you to have empathy for people you disagree with politically . ''
Love the when theists argue until they 're blue in the face that atheism is a religion to make it look stupid and silly .
Getting misgendered in a cute outfit on my way to the trans poetry reading ? harassment girlslikeus ironic notreally
First person to find my latest movie on a tubesite wins a free copy ! ! ! .... oh wait , you already have one . nevermind
Winston is talking about Nats not being safe in Caucus due to renewal ...... UM Winston ... ?
Will The Freak soon be facing her very own Freak ? TheFreak ironic
dipti And they claim to be indias fastest mobile internet service provider !
Library card push for all eight-year-olds .. To join libraries that conservatives closed/cut ? !
But that 's what she does ! Or :
Kinda too late for that tho . Test before the lesson
'FCKH8 ' Makes Kids Shout F-Bombs at Confederate Flag
Seems that Hillary is f the interns working For her ...
I 'm so much more productive when I 'm busy in life . Ironic
I done woke myself up by trying to wake you up 😍😍😍😍
Did n't you do literature ? FOH `` Nkuna : lenda So What Did You Mean When You Said You Will Kill ''
that was the most absurd item that i saw in the statement : D ironic
Funny how privilege operates . Some use their power for good and not evil . Some forget completely .
Heights of smoking work antics
The only class I can get 4G LTE is the only class I have that does n't ( heavily ) rely on computers . Ironic
All of the my friends releasing tracks and I here studying genetic of rats . ahaha ironic deadmau5
Running late . No time to tweet.irony
Michael Owen is the most talked about person in football simply because he is the most boring pick in football !
They all have crazy side effects & amp ; the side effects are often the very thing you are trying to avoid by taking the meds .
auspol Nothing as Hypocritical as Labor Hypocrites .... They take the cake . Oh , But it 's OK for Triggs ; just not RC Dyson Heydon
😂 so funny when people follow you & amp ; say `` I can get you 10,000 followers in 2 days . Click on their profile 198 followers ! 😂
I jst find it funny how he refers to bloods n crips in that album n is featured on a song called bad blood ironic subliminal
Unable to pay internet/phone bill due to said company 's sluggish 4G internet . wtf
Beauchamp codifies Zionism as Judaism in article denouncing BDS activists of conflating Jews with Zionism
★ IF I DO N'T INSULT YOU DAILY , IT MEANS I DO N'T LIKE YOU . ★ Quote Quotes Words Bitch Fearce Ironic BBBH OMG ★
is when the wannabe 'know-it-all 's who go 'Yeh purana hai/Already dekha hai ' recycle the most done-to-death posts sadbuttrue
In 1907 Einstein applied for a lecturer 's job attaching 17 papers he published including one on relativity and light quanta ! irony
Anyone else see the irony ? Top one says : Our Lady of Lourdes . @ Horseshoe Casino…
Ppl thought I was weird because I loved OZZY in 2nd grade driving around with their kids listening to Crazy Train in the minivan
I used to get super annoyed at people 's stupid comments . Feel more in DC than ever in NL ironic growingupinBoxtel
Should of gone to Spec Savers ! Free unexpected and ironic advertising !
So , the SharePoint Prerelease program enrollment uses SharePoint Public Sites ,
Street performer in CoventGarden currently blasting out All By Myself while no one watches ... 😂😂
“ I ’ ve heard your grievances , and I promise that HR is toiling 16 hours a day , plus weekends , until the problem is solved , ” Irony
Female version of Viagra approved by the FDA . If Bill Cosby had only waited…
Studying for my physiotherapy exams has given me Lower Back Pain
wow- 1st Batman impersonator LeonardRobinson dies after being hit by a car while trying 2 fix his & amp ; then Batgirl YvonneCraig dies Ironic
Gov't document about leaking .... er ... has been leaked . auspol
Cutting down to fatten the pig
Shoutout to all the girls giving their fav rapper/singer all their time of day but wo n't give a good dude any time of day !
read this book on beach , while people around me talked about horoscopes
Loves the 'objective ' `` fair & amp ; balanced '' honesty of but calls bullshtIronyfakeDWPstories
The Ironic thing is there are about 10,000 knives in the drawer . Yet had 10,000 spoons and she only needed a knife ! !
M25 , our truck drives by parallel to shipping container ironic shipping corporatemoving export import whatwedo
: Hate people who beg attention on social media getreal realtalk
shaw juice in pint glass gettheglow
Ad Blockers are actually creating a new class of ad brokers with power over which ads we see .
chen that too in land of communism , monopolies which are non state owned
Nice paper . However , the author of this tweet must have missed 's keynote at ACL ; ) chasingSOTA hashtag
Ironic how V could spend so much time TWEETING yet have no time for Walks exercises chatting friends & amp ; family & amp ; having enough sleep .
I concur with bork but for different reasons . Chickens go bork . There is no chicken !
auspol Can we verify this story ?
shah is we share this on phone . So it makes us more of the same thing
a rainy wednesday as we work on our darkroom ironic
Neither can you by the looks of things .
PM Modis visit to UAE Ironic Lesson for Pakistan
Watching this HITLER documentary , thought this was funny & amp ; Ironic Geek
Library card campaign- all for it ! However , has n't your party closed all the libraries ? toryincompetence
I say that as I unknowingly stand next to the Ratio Christi info table , hahahaha
Foreigners are now more in numbers to study in Mauritius , meanwhile Mauritians are going abroad for studies :
I love how this racial tension has given people an open platform to express their hidden racism . Caucasity
Omg i saw a daewoo lucetti with a TopGear sticker lol ironic
Kathy Jackson supported turc : `` honest unionists had nothing to fear '' turc FarmOnline
`` What if the Lightning flags got struck by lightning ? '' 😂👏🏼 Ironic
That moment your shirt gets a stain as you head out the door alanismorissetteirony actuallyjustsad bestlaidplans ironic
So espouses equality but , despite being a HUGE $ $ $ media outlet , still wo n't pay contributors .
AFL supporters deserve a decent CEO & amp ; office bearers but they 're not getting them
My new edition to the library wegotothegallery dungbeetle reading art satire spelling…
a fake profile talking about fake fansirony : p
Just left Tesco having bought ingredients for dinner and Kate Bush , this woman ’ s work comes on shuffle ironic
I was born and raised in the NL . I feel more and have a sense of belonging in DC now than I ever felt being in NL ironic
Its like meeting the guy of you dreams and then meeting his bae Ironic
First Jared now this : Billionaire George Soros warms up to coal as stock prices hit bottom
Memo saying 'stick to the script , we love each other ' leaked to media in sign of hatred karma auspol
It 's amazing how 4 yrs have turned around from being the worse thing on earth to wanting them free on NHS ironic
Too many gods on the road and not many humans of life
Those in their 20s who wanted Nixon 's head are now in their 60s and trying to defend Hillary . morningjoe
Two assistants in chatting over 'My Mission to Commission ' talking about interaction failed to even catch my eye !
Bihar gets Rs.1,25,000 cr bcoz it has Electns , Meanwhile Soldiers need Rs . 8,000 cr for OROP ( One Rank One Pension ) bt dat cn wait.Irony
My a/c was fixed yesterday💸 , so you are all welcome for this beautiful 60 weather fireupthefurnace
callin me a kid when u just entered middle school
Just here to point out the of donating money to someone to get money out of politics . Carry on : - )
Ta . There 's been some movement today & amp ; we 've helped him recover his memory .
Only scores 3 penalties in his career still people calls him pedro
The key figure in the BlacklivesMatter is wait for it ... WHITE ! ! !
so , ( old friend ) ( originally from PEI ) holding Duffy presser in riding he is not vying to represent ? : - )
when you settle for less and this less feel that you are not compatible breakup
Should have gone to ... oh , wait ... specsaversstyle ironic
My film industry friends want to know how to get out of the biz . My non-film friends want to know how to get into it
of our times .
Im the only black person on this boat ...
It 's like 10,000 spoons when all you need is a knife 365daysofsuperman manofsteel superman funko ironic
If the USA had adopted 's immigration policies years ago we would n't have to deal with DonaldTrump smfh
My 'pages unrepsonsive ' page that pops up when a page is unrepsonsive , has just crashed and become unrepsonsiveirony SayWhat inception
Spit is constantly in your mouth , but IRONICALLY , it suddenly becomes gross once it leaves your mouth . QuietTimeThoughts IFoundIt
Struggling with the productive struggle video ironic neisdmathpd
the name of Mr. Rahul Gandhi is bigger than the person 's name whose statue is inaugurated .
No I ca n't believe this is true todaysnews Girl films Cameron eating Pringles on an Easyjet flight
A sales person talking about how annoying sales people are ironic
I really do n't care if I 'm apathetic . QuietTimeThoughts OKNotToCare DeepInThought
Hackers just posted all of their stolen AshleyMadison user data . Time to put my data analytics skills to work .
At least Jared from subway wo n't be going without his foot longs while he 's in prison Ironic Karma
When not doing everything mainstream becomes mainstream .
In vino veritas RT : chen that too in land of communism , monopolies which are non state owned
Clearly got the message Wareham onset litter
Buddha was born in Pradesh 5 Nepal FightForOnlyPower NoVision
You ca n't put off being young until you retire - Philip Larkin retire youth young retiring life lesson retirement live
I spilled scalding water on my hand on an attempt to make coffee . Try again . I call this , `` A New Hope . ''
man , Bobby Jindal lose to Deez Nuts .... Laughable
The absolute on so many levels . Someone ALWAYS gets hurt .
Um , you realize it 's an officially licensed product ? Complete with applicable licensing fees ? Just sayin '
Idiots protesting against fellow idiots who also do the same shit .... Irony '' : Kenyan MPs
and then you happen to pick the quran itself .
Apparently , taking `` Molly '' makes you feel just like Molly Shannon ... right after she 's taken ecstasy . molly whodathunkit
All this while we asked for more practical learning and less theoretical stuff and now all resent lab more than theory .
Global Anti-Corruption Conclave in Malaysia ? DearNajib 1MDB
White Girl Salsa has changed its labels to Winking Girl Salsa ... I wonder why salsa whitegirl
Ironic Superfood Blackberries stain favourite Chinos , environmentally friendly not using plastic bag , drycleaners
No still out ! Now cancelled , even that took 36minutes . But they did offer me £50 to recommend a friend ! byebye
Pretty sure every single one of my tweets has a typo . Exept this one
Just choked on a Halls cough drop
I 'm offended by people who are offended .
I feel like digital design is finally catching up to publication design . typography design
Kinda like the people who ride the . coincidence branding creepy
When your company picnic is against your hometown team buffalobisons letsgobuffalo
Celebrities covet privacyEveryone else wants fame and attention
Oh the of a personal trainer following you just as you are eating mini choc doughnuts wednesday
Jared from subway is gon na have plenty of foot longs in prison prisonjustice
Flood and Storm cover as standard for our villa/home/contents policies in Ibiza & amp ; Formentera ! ironic ibiza rain
Most of us Indonesian , know and understand well how to queue 👍👍
Stuck behind an RV for 20 miles on a one lane road in VT. RV turns , road develops a passing lane 😒 ironic thatslife
People with values always need more moneyRich people always desire more value
Sex On The Radio . Anthem Ironic
using science to explain god .
I got this snapple fact maybe 6-7 years ago and never forgot it .. Now I just got it again
Haha ! Ironic 😂😂 I 'm still a bit in shock about it ! 😂
`` We do n't have a train for the next service '' Is n't that kind of a priority to have when you 're running a train company .. ? sortitout
Sweet magazine about raspberry pi .. that costs more than a raspberry pi ?
stores her e-mail servers in the bathroom , while she was letting the whole country go to crap .
fortunate , I really do love that they replied to your follow by saying you 're free to unfollow them when they followed you
lol its u mocking KJO for casting Alia and blaming Kat fans dumbnessofRANDEEfan
Steve also ( originally ) from PEI & amp ; holding presser in riding he is not vying to represent : - )
When HRC supporters accuse Bernie supporters of being Republicans.Irony Surreal BizarroWorld Democrisy
God bless multitasking , oh yeah ! ! ! ! ! ironic exhausted fb
Really loving this sermon . 😂
giant blue eye appears in clouds sexuality university female ironic tears
Sm makes U feel like a Winner , evn wen dey r nt wid U . & amp ; sm make U feel like Looser evn aftr being an important part of UR life .
Just updated ios to 8.4.1 applemusic update . Well have n't been using apple music since launched. ! ! !
Billionaire George Soros warms up to coal as stock prices hit bottom - CowboyByte via
This person speaks my language . ironic
The one day I could sleep in , my body wakes me up early . why ironic imgettingold
lol ! `` It 's wrong to elevate some lives above others ''
Hollywood says its 'over worked ' . Something you 'll never hear about a scouser ! GBBO
i.e . Telling my coworker how I do n't need a case and then shattered my phone that night
`` whites are racist , do n't trust 'em ! oh yeah , I 'll be taking that scholarship which is supposed to exclude white people ''
So founder of BlackLivesMatter is white . Birth certificates suck do n't they ? Wonder if wants her $ back ?
That time I saw a Keith Haring print in a salvation army thrift store ...
haha . Tru Tru That 's Good Too Hear But I Was Thinking The Same Thing This Morning Ironic
I get a kick out of punchlines
it started w a whisper just came on ironic
While looking at the biggest pile of abandoned clothes a floor has ever seen I 'm putting together a motivational playlist
Imagine taking notes on corporate tips frm d same souls who are gon na evaluate you and extend job offers SmethngNot2Miss Disha2015
OMG . How you and your mom are late for your jobs at the strip club ?
I 've seen a person whose dad was exiled by McCarthy/HUAC really going for Corbyn because of his 'associations '
So wait a sec .... You can troll Kamau Bell ? But if you impose questions that impede on your objective reality ? Blocked .
Thank you ! Nintendo SenranKagura
Sorta sounds like the pope is stealing people 's business away . That is weird cuz they have that commandment about not stealing .
Corbyn , eh ? Was indifferent until Blair piece , and now pro-apartheid bloggers tying themselves in knots to call him an anti-semite .
xxx Cov fans moaning about Milik then DK rides poor and suddenly they pull the Drs note out the bag !
Right after the new FEMA update session in Wilmington ... Watch out ! ironic fema flood WilmingtonNC
Tip o ' hat : Painters , playing Rolling Stones `` Paint it , black '' while painting iron fence black .
they may have misspelled her last name but in the article the writer misspelled her first name ! Carl
Conkers.Kids , do n't play with these unless you 're wearing your safety goggles .
My wise quote for the day ....
Just heard on the radio a man named Fogell was accused of posessing child pornography . Damn it Fogell .. Superbad McLovin
Happyness ( the photocopier lady ) can not print things off . Unfortunately , Happyness is singing at the moment in a competition . Arusha
Mass Murderers r Ruling the country ,
Both authors NIH funded
Lose plenty sleep dreaming
When you do n't need stress or annoyance always seems to come your way ironic
`` Men who look 4 underage girls are bad ... Now head on over to the men 's hair place next to a high school '' 😂
Anne Robinson judging everyone spending money despite forking out thousands on a facelift BritainsSpendingSecrets
A1 : Millennials do n't get caught up in stereotyping by generation .. oh , the TChat
do you always see the light when it 's full of 💩 ?
Will decline of linear TV viewing mean that fewer ad-funded shows get made , leading to content drought on ?
the only reason your brain can have thoughts like these is because your ancestors cooked meat .
I am sure they will do a fine job . IranDeal Farce
NPR report re libidodrug for women : `` It should n't be taken w/alcohol . ”
When you spell `` intelligence '' wrong 😂😂😂 imperfectme laughedoutloud
DonaldTrum and HillaryClinton are both respective criminals . I 'm humored at his recent disparaging comments regarding Hills .
Her Twitter bio says looking for a good time fuck that drama .. But all of her tweets are random , dramatic arguments . ironic
eating m & amp ; m ’ s sipping on a soda talking about the dietary guidelines in Nutrition .
martin IfYouGetThis1 DosEquisANDheineken next to each other . symbol of ingiz ( moon ) next to stars ... Humor for over 21
Seems a little ironic no ? equality socialist blacklivesmatter ignoremygrammarplease
especially , by the side , which despite being on the wrong side of many issues , insists on calling itself Right .
Packing , re-packing & amp ; re-re-packing for tnga15 who new minimalism could take so must time and energy ironic
Jared made everything he had trying to get into smaller pants then lost everything he had trying to get into smaller pants ... 😐
Summer Pudding £5 , oh the on a night like this
The emoji trend must end.👍irony
At least they made it easy
Had a good chuckle hearing the `` Staying married was the only way to work your problems out '' line in Miranda Lambert 's song Automatic .
The and Difference between Left and Right . Left Force Conformity on the Masses .. the Right want to educate change hearts .
Shooting with Town Manager Collins mashpee
Part of god 's armor is the belt of truth , with which , if you have it , you would be an atheist.irony 😐
I know what you meant ! ironic
My east coast lifestyle tank is being shipped from Toronto . east imcoolwithit
Queuing for Wrong Sort Of Feminist and the guys behind me think its ok to literally poke me to get me to chat to them everydaysexism
AAA Emergency Service Truck- Torrance in need of emergency service . Hope you 're not waiting on that flatbed !
Today 's key message : Of course -
ka they r already dead Coz their life is all about others approval of them . Not about what they want
Why are you unemployed ? Because of the president ?
what if you are the creeper ?
An exiting catalogue has arrived
No sun for the son .
must regulate Self .. ironyOverreach & amp ; Incompetence ... are inexcusable
I like Jason & amp ; I typo 2 sometimes , but MAN ! You CANT use FISTurbing & amp ; predatorish in the same sentence omg ironic
Man protecting Oklahoma gun store from Muslims accidentally shoots himself .
Another goal conceded from a corner . Anyone else think we need a new centre half ( s ) ? ffc coyw khanout
wears a black and white tshirt with a pretty much black and white background as profile pic . theywillneverknow
. TY for RT ! : A new one to me . in Fundrasing cdnpoli fundraising events
The website when I want to cancel my monthly bus pass due to the lack of a reliable service
In 1955 , Mississippi was known as the “ Free State . ” ironic
Definition of : BlackLivesMatter leader is actually white . So funny ! ! !
Shutdownify is shutting down ...
Assuming the storm does n't take us out , we will record tonight . Lol . Kinda fitting right ?
Game on rocky .
When I see someone post - `` Another day over & amp ; I did n't use algebra once '' - I ask : `` How many hours is that ? ''
Searching for info to use in a project , found a fax converted to PDF RFP response , including a NDA agreement , indexed by Google ...
The only city in America were StraightOuttaCompton is not showing is Compton itself for lack of movie theaters . ironic
Cons like things tidy . Duffy
and you used a hashtag to make that statement ? ? ironic fail
I guess that I wo n't be the only one that see the in this . Sorry to see another startup shutting down .
How you gon na trash the game that pays your bills ? Lol Madden16 AnnoyingYoutubers YouGonnaPlayAnyways
You can read New York Times article about Amazon on Kindle via nytstory nyt amazon
Jared may end up with a few hundred boyfriends in prison who 'll victimize & amp ; exploit his body & amp ; soul . Just like he did little girls .
Selfconfessed designer junkie annerobinson complains £300 comedy handbags are worth 3 weeks food shopping ironic britainsspendingsecrets
StraightOuttaCompton wo n't be playing in Compton as there are n't any cinemas there . 😕
There is a god . And this story is proof . duggars familyvalues
To love and win is the best thing . To love and lose , the next best . : /ironic
`` ARE YOU MY CAPTOR OR MY BROTHER '' BookofNegroes The EVIL in this world and the fact that their own brothers sold them into slavery
This is almost too hilarious to be true .
how today unfolded for you . Why do you keep paying thes people ? JoshDuggar Gawker AshleyMadisonHack Please set us straight
Humor is not hatePuns are not prejudice is not injusticePuerto Ricans are lazyHumorNotHate jokes justajoke
Rather than just stepping into the background and just write the cheques , MK has to announce it . In his newspaper column
OK I lied . If I see this paper , I 'll get you some as a prezzie . stoppingnow
Ironically , I wore a shirt to work the same day I got accepted 😋💚 ironic
Samesies . + I also got lost when I tried to find the new lost + found .
Walt Disney was afraid of mice . MickeyMouse
There 's a lot of in the fact that apple uses old school walkie-talkies for in-store employee communications theresanappforthat
rock dude has the cash to pay for $ 300 headphones but not dinner from anything BUT a sink . hoodrich
flying through clouds to go talk about them ironic
This is Hillary Clinton not responding to latest PP video . If only ...
So we went to Mourinho instead ? Look at how he dealt with Eva😂
Samantha 's post 6 years ago . ☺️
lol yes I know . ShaunKing is a `` white people '' screaming racism 😂😂😂😂 ShaunKingIsWhite
Kazmi sb , I dont have published report , even dawn or ET would avoid explicit report on this issue
This is too funny ! Simpsons TomBrady Brady
Blow Like with your news ? Look no further . They even admit it . Kinda sad ...
Jared Fogle conviction + his wife asking for divorce + 10 years = sandwich artist at
Yet more people die from legal drug use than illegal drugs .
Had to stop following Travel . International British Broadcasting Corporation unavailable in Britain
Funniest thing is an SQL Injection working on one of the AshMadDump search sites AshleyMadison youHadOneJob
Phones are getting bigger , jeans are getting tighter .
Bronwyn Bishop 's let herself go .
Does anyone else see the in Bill Clinton turning 69 today ? clinton2016 BillClinton HillaryClinton DonaldTrump
Where too many white people still do n't understand the definition of `` black '' race in America , though their predecessors created it .
Communities can not be disenfranchised , when MLS chooses who gets to get franchised . Is there any angle MLS has n't thought of ?
mmmm , ca n't see that happening .... drat this stupid kevbravd ... er ... ! technology science humour prophecy
Mom said something wrong wit me lls ironic
power of the mind huh ?
not that i 'm complaining ( at all ! ) , but i find it a bit peculiar when i do n't tweet for a wk , n then come back to find new followers~
Hahaha ShameOnPEMRA for not airing a crazy disgusting bigot 's speeches .
Republican Racism Alive and well racehustler asshat
Thank you BDS Ironic Putzs AntiSemitic
How can anything happen to him when obama has golfed 246 times while being president ?
He had some form of `` business plan '' telling people how to manage their companies . Working out well for him clearly ironic
and here 's a picture of an asteroid looking enormous and about to wipe out Earth as extra reassurance
“ : My wise quote for the day .... go school , feet or metres ?
An uplifting article in amongst all the transfer bullshit . With patience being the central message . Ironic COYS
went to water my plants on the deck , and then it starts to pour down rain .
Have you ever noticed when you type gin in to a text or something it wants to change it to fun ? ironic or naw ? buc15
Why is it RWNJs always have the worst spelling when they 're trying to call someone else stupid ?
So Google 's using Google+ to tell people to use Twitter to get help from Google ? gHelp
ha ha ha the Fastshow is on most excellent rerun , well worth my license fee ! [ that was nothing is worth the fee ! ]
Is n't it funny how life can be so ironic sometimes ! ? ironic lol
Watching Master Chef while eating my undercooked chicken
When people in land locked Oklahoma have `` salt life '' on the back window of their car ! ironic
Love how joggers are a big trend now but I 've been wearing them for the past 2 years & amp ; was made fun of ..
I think the puka shell necklace is making a comeback . ironic
Ca n't see 'Straight Out of Compton ' in Compton because there are no movie theaters there . ironic
safer from outside food maybe
The of NYC looking down at my old office on 29th street 11 years later ... I remember when the…
If `` deez nuts '' asked trump some tough questions ... he would say that `` deez nuts '' are having a bad hair day ironic
Ironic that there is not a theatre in Compton
haha free gift with purchase ...
The Republican network is pretending it cares after fighting to reduce the budget that could save lives .
I think it is amazing that 's logo is an Interstate sign , which is basically a sign for great Federal socialism .
And at the same time , EDH turned on for the first time in months in Akaye .
Trump says 14th amendment unconstitutional & amp ; his father was `` anchor baby '' for German grandparents , who were naturalized . trumpchump
He said to his followers
The of South Park airing their episode with Jared from Subway right now nicemove
The Jared episode of SouthPark is on comedy central right now . Lol JaredFogle ironic 5dollarfootlong
of Labor wow if she gets gaol time will she act like a prison guard ironic
Irony : When your family makes no attempt to `` get '' you , and you miss them anyway . ironic family
Guy At 'Muslim-Free ' Gun Shop Accidentally Shoots Himself APIDTA ironic
Oh the .... savethetrees
FYI , there 's a game on Subway 's website called Jared 's Pants in the kids section . spoofchat
Good looks , feel insecure . Average looks , feel secure . What is the world becoming ?
Dude ! That 's a great song ; feels like yesterday ! ... I graduated undergrad that yr ; met my wife in WI that fall .
Oh , these are fun . notusingverbalironyhere
Facebook is annoying cause people treat it like a personal diary , then get mad when folks are in their `` business ''
The best thing I 've seen all year ! Shooting in NJ onlocation foodphotoshoot nj wine
I need my reading glasses to tighten the screws in my reading glasses ... ironic
buys for $ 19 billion . WhatsApp launches new web client with 100 % MaterialDesign .
Are you trying to `` advise '' someone who once taught you how to eat with a spoon properly ? ? ! GiveTheElderlyAdvice
Presence impeccable service . Keep it up . None have contacted me yet . Ad claims its the fastest 4g n/w in the country .
Unlucky . In test ppl wants higher strike rates . Specially wen team is unable to play 50 overs in tests . IndvSL
I 'm reading an essay on how the Internet is shortening our attention spans and I ca n't even read through it 😅 ironic
This happened for dinner tonight . kidschoice toosoon
the rogues who tricked him send IPKF are the one & amp ; same who also tricked him address meeting at Sriperumbudur !
walker not a big deal . He just went all BP on me for making a statement . Kind of like his situation w/ BP last year . Ironic
Who needs Dubsmash ? Is n't it ironic , do n't you think ? alanismorissette alanis ironic isntitironic
Nitish Kumar government strengthened our fight against corruption while Narendra Modi govt weakened it :
Sood Seems like the only ppl worried about Baloch are Indian Hindus who supported their massacre in Gujarat .
That 2012 article where I quote Mary Ann Davidson saying devs need to take infosec criticism . oracle
If the world is my oyster then I must have an allergy to shellfish .
ironic walks in randomly wearing a minions belt ...
Muslim free… and staffed by morons . Go figure . rednecks gunculture
So Nestle gets there water from California .......... ironic logic
The `` every guy is the same '' line , comes from the mouth of the SAME type of chicks lol ironic
Yankees r looking to sign A-roid to a 5 yr extension .
Do n't forget to BoycottTheZoo and other abusementparks peta vegan StopCrueltyMA notours
Fact : more Nashvillians know the name Gunnar than David Fox . nashforward
There 's an here which is close but no cigar
he 's actually a gay Muslim . JoshDuggar
The South Park episode with Jared Fogle is on .
Mp 's seek immunity from the law , while they push more laws to limit the laborers
How Ironic Ride The Lightening
I am feeling damn happy right now and I do n't know why but I love it ! I love this sht just came on by AugustAlsina iloveit
My whole name fits on the florida ID lol how Ironic
Whew ! It 's ironic that I 've fallen behind on my augustphotochallenge and the last pic I put up was…
Met a guy that was 😍 at the gym today , but I 'm already too emotionally invested in a guy that does n't pay me any attention 😂😭😪
Cousin just got out of jail , on to home D. Now he 's sending out fb game invites for a game called Criminal Case .
Wanted to be in bed 90 minutes ago but Jaws is on TV and now I 'm snacking on my daughter 's .
you are tweeting about her , I 'm tweeting about you ironic
I said somethings I did n't want to say today . Yet I thought about saying them anyway . ironic
You would think strategists would pick a different backdrop trump gop oops
... If you 've analysed /when/ you 're over-thinking then ...
My doctor just wrote me a prescription 4 Adderall because Im obese & amp ; I have ADD . So now I wo n't pay attention 2 my appetite . comedy
It 's ironic that adults want children 2 control their behavior when the adults have difficulty controlling their own behavior . parenting
ScientificSongs Like a Rolin ' Sedimentary Stone .
Const law prof turnd SecOfState toes state/church line & amp ; KS atty gen retains counsel 2 defend him ksleg CostOfRepublicanLeadership
or we can say philosophy of the life that we feel lonely when we have a lot to say but…
View from stage frozenplasma meraluna laolawelle laolawave
This bible camp is in a town called Devil 's Lake .
D Blackman and not in a good way UNBELIEVABLE ironic
Everybody complains about how slow business is and yet their customer service remains shockingly bad ...
I 'm with faith today too ! ! ! ironic bestfriends
It 's strange when it comes to one 's own selfLies are compulsionsBribery is RightBreaking promises is for keeping other onesIrony
Indians learning english to do business and Chinese learning Hindi to do business
If a New Zealander pronounced my gym 's name 'Fox Fit ' it would be 'Fox Fat ' ironic
Women usually love what they buy , yet hate two-thirds of what is in their closets . factstruth agree RT
PakStandsWithHurriyatConf India the Democratic county , wants peace but arresting those who are raising voice against its brutality
Up early to go to SMBSyr , so obviously i ca n't go to the gym
My Corbyn-expenses-who-do-you-trust-with-our-money RT was favourited by a 'Buy followers 1K= $ 12 ' account ...
When the direct debit for paying off your credit card takes you over your account limit .
Maidum Commenting on 26/11 Butcher ! ! !
. and yet , the linked article has not a single photo ! Ironic
suckkkks that does
`` Do n't be evil ... '' doubtful BigBrother
Only in Oklahoma
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you do n't need it .
robotics technology in action for common good , as machines build environmentally friendly machines
true shld it still be called the landofthefree ? oh the
`` : There are more statues of lions in the world than there are real lions . ( From : ironic
too funny ! Can anyone say : ?
do n't you find it amusing when islamic imperialists like & gt ; & lt ; identify as `` anti imperialist '' ?
In a nation of Kalam , Raghuram Rajan , A.Sen , C.V Raman , Chandrashekhar and other super brains , the dumbest man around is our PM .
. Actually amused watching Christian friend , against M.E . watching 'Ellen '
I can almost spell `` succeeded '' using my GCSE results . If only `` S '' was a grade . GCSE gcseresultsday mcdonaldsjob
Airtel has 4G ads in Bhubaneshwar and we 're struggling to get 2G speeds !
united . My flight this morning is also delayed .
I always like to hear such luminaries as Rush Limbaugh & amp ; Newt Gingrich speak about the sanctity of marriage .
kcee came on to say they fired their manager now came on to say he was suspended mediastunt
Hey . Please do n't force your silly delusions on rape victims . Its evil and godless . Talk to my boy .
Not that I care
Bit of an ironic tweet : but did you know being glued to your phone is bad for you ? Take a digital break .
Further advice given following dating woes this morning ironic
For those unaware , O'Reilly 's Dad is a life coach
Have you considered running for Louisiana Governor ? AskDeezNuts DCmadam
kindly show me 5 different pics of trumps Trophy wife smiling . 2 of trumps 3 wives werent born in America
Things change , people change , situations change , priorities change , times change . The only constant thing in life is change .
Holding smthing to avoid being pushed over onto tube mocked and called selfish by someone who deliberately barged into me fuming ironic
What more can we expect from govt .
One upon a time N. Chandrababu Naidu opposed special package to Bihar
In Nigeria we stress on the importance of good Parenting but turn right around and allow house-helps raise our kids .
Told a friend last night I rarely sleep less than 7-8 hrs and wished I could regularly . Laid down , woke up 90 mins later . FML ironic karma
but wasting precious milk to protest secondary exploitation ? animalwelfare
Losing my festival V at V festival this weekend
Found this picture ... cracked up laughing catslife catsofinstagram hilarious funny
What did I just see ? Is the literary universe coming to this ! 'Wait let me take a selfie first '
when you listen to your `` workout '' playlist whilst your sitting down eating chocolate ... guilty ironic ?
Sad to see that some talk more about the latest buzzword technologies but show a total lack of basic troubleshooting skills . ironic
The person below turned into a swan Ironic
eyebrows read somewhere that his plan is to deselect MPs who do n't support him .
you accuse me of not getting facts straight and being negative ... You just did both
Things i hate vandalism lists
“ : Careful who you vent to.🐍 ” lol ya bc the person who RTd this hoed me 😂
I hope you know you are wearing a shirt that says `` run '' in your video and you mention how I ca n't walk ironic ?
My shower in Bath , ENG did not work today , forcing me to immerse myself into their traditions . bath ironic steepedinculture
The millionaire who writes books on how to be rich forgets to mention selling the books to the average joe as their success mantra
ps calling someone an idiot when ur putting forward a scientific view unsupported by every scientific org on the planet
Traffic jam when you 're running late . Ironic
obama wrote check for votes from his base then turned to the middleclass to pay for them ironic morningjoe WakeUpAmerica
Before uttering such remarks , be sure , it does n't hit you back ironic tactless
frozen icepop at its best lols
When you have to LiveTweet , battery & gt ; wifi & gt ; physiological needs ... digitalsurvivor
: Crime preventers instead commit crime !
I only got a C in computers at GSCE . And guess what I 've spent the last 20 years doing ..
for a Country , insult to KU joke for Students ki woh isssh
Jared 's pants were certainly dancing with the kiddos then , huh ? ironic
tonite . Any game I 've attended this yr hotdogheaven night/.25 dogs . I do n't eat hot dogs due 4th gr . nutrition unit
I uh , do n't think this is what they were going for . Seattle oops
A guy named Razor lobbying to bring back the bush ? ironic insertpunhere
You ever met someone on Twitter who posts non stop but when you meet them in real life they have no social skills Ironic
shield the fact that you right wing `` israel lovers '' do n't support 2 states will lead to a binational state . byeisrael
.. use Reagan 's `` trust but verify '' in sound bites & amp ; talking points . Historical precedent is persuasive . IranDeal clever
Now that I 'm a vegetarian till shravan ends . I see only prawns and crab on my TL .
Visual Poetry - a maxim strategy tactics economics clickbait
is no conservative either .
`` $ & amp ; it feels good to be a gangsta '' is playing in right now ... ironic GangstasDontGoToStarbucks
`` Government workers on the Ash Mad site work at the NSA '' Ashley Madison Hack Shows We ’ re Too Dumb to Cheat
Obviously Drag Me Down since they are only 4 .
`` When I need motivation My one solution is my queen '' ironic stobbbenegrazie
Bianc31 gabby spelled retarded wrong
While state republicans successfully got cuts to libraries in Arkansas . arpx arleg argop
Why does my hair look nice when I have no plans of going out , but look like a lawn mower went through it when I plan to go out ?
Putting up tree stands next to a cornfield and Boyz-n-the-Hood is stuck in my head .
bylaw parked illegally ticketing someone else who 's parked illegally .
Once AAPtards used 2 mimick Lalu and say , `` Tum log saale corruption khatam nahin hone doge '' 2 BJP supporters . justsaying
How ironic is the lazy person , saving his energy when performing day to day tasks , so he can have more energy to do nothing ! b4kd
is it fair to criticize other people 's driving when you tweet & amp ; drive ? ThatsSoRaven ThatsSoGavin
isitok that BBC Breakfast had helping the kids open their GCSE results whilst promoting his movie Bad Education ? Ironic
they have a all white , fenders and all , chromed out , deliver to morden lots , funny to see a guy in all black jump out . ironic
totally agree , it 's always those who ca n't answer why , that think they have all the answers ironic
The of neuroanatomist Jill Bolte Taylor having a stroke isnt lost on her . tedtalk
People exercise to stay fit n i fall sick .
the music supervision team is doing some really excellent work . Trump
Basically , Montana 's summer air is like Beijing 's winter coal-filled air . Mtpol
Today I 'm gon na be that cash-paying patient with no insurance . 😭 ironic
Funny how this dent give teachings on proper oral care when he himself does n't practice it . ironic
there 's an IKEA in Hell ? ? ? irony
Dr. Andrew Wakefield , Anti-Vaccine Proponent , is in Critical Condition with Measles ironic vaccineswork
Unscheduled shit always becomes a thing when you have a ton of shit scheduled . : /
Things I hate ! vandalism lists
100 % fit - follow No caption needed here ! ! ! ironic bodybuilding strongman powerli …
UKIP lost the plot long ago ... well , I 'm not really sure they ever had one ? ? ? ?
We try to be strong because weakness is for the faithless and the visionless .. ironic
why do some departments bugger off at 5pm . Not everyone has a 9-5 job ! !
Life of a WFH mom with a nanny during summer holidays:3pm feeling sleepy , house too quiet
The means of livelihoods 4 entire communities dependant on mining have been destroyed by dis crippling act . Ironic
Good acronym : `` FIRE '' stands for sectors of Financial ( services ) , Insurance , and Real Estate . Commonly cautious $ $ folk can be ironic too .
Shaun King & amp ; the negroes of StLouis are gassed up . BlackLivesMatter BlackTwitter BLM
Wannaknow whats really offensive ? People that are offended by everything , now thats truly offensive
Wish I could find something sharp to open this with .
What a great way it is to share your private thoughts in social media.irony
Large commodity trader blames speculators for moving copper price positionlimits mifid cftc
Egyptians worshipped Nile goddess `` Isis '' around 2000 B.C . We all know what ISIS means in today 's world . history facts
So the immoral party is claiming moral victory in Rajasthan bypolls ... Rajasthan
India expects Pakistan to ban HafizSaeed while on other hand Modi is elevated to position of PM .
W snark `` Not very nice '' does n't exactly roll off the tongue… perhaps the word you 're looking for is `` snarky ''
Afrikaans . It is a slave language . Created by the slaves Europeans dragged here in chains.But now you use it to oppress.Irony luister
When you 're listening to death metal , and a woman comes up to you and shares their word about the gospel . ironic
Everyone should be on their cellphones a lot less
Chelsea trying to buy the title ?
The pizza shop is called `` the big slice '' ? Really ? Really ? Hope the Victim recovers .. But damn that 's just too Ironic nololshere
Mexico imposing fee to enter and stay more than a week . Must show passport & amp ; fill out a form .
NFL allwd Pash 2 tamper w/Wells Rprt , i.e . basis 4 all punishment then hid him frm questioning Ironic DeflateGate
Too funny , and too true - - of this image is not lost on me - posted a few years back
McCullough Really ? I thought it was hilarious !
Love throwing salt at my brother .. how long did I hear : do u even have a QB ! ? Where 's Geno Smith now ... hmmmm ! ? Bahahaha GoHawks
A guy from the Alzheimer 's charity was meant to come and pick up some furniture from my house but he forgot 😁😫
`` Half-dozen '' sounds more reasonable than `` six ? '' 6 can be lucky in China & amp ; : )
phall I 'm talking about a tweet not the article . `` If people took the time to read it ...... ''
Ok Outlook ... I see s new folder with email talking about `` clutter '' ironicI can manage my mail . Leave me alone ! !
And it 's happening to millennials now Great article hitting the nail b/t 2 extremes virtue
WiFi issues at a tech conference ? - we 've relayed it to the hotel and they 're working on it ! growconf
Spent 2 days drafting an email to staff why we 're not ready for Win10 only to come home to my wife who has upgraded her Surface .
Only I could fall down the stairs in work whilst going to attend a first aid call ! ! ironic — feeling hurt
There is deliciousness in whatgoesroundcomesround
What we want is a Bleeding Girl – the of menstruation in India :
Lmaoooo life is crazy cuz my son 's name is Sidney and well .... Chris ... lol just thought about that ironic
you were just talking about him yesterday . ironic sad
Because lawmakers have such a stellar record of following up on promises .
It never fails , whenever I promise to take my dogs to the park . ironic sorrypups
Just waiting with for some German kids to show us the way out of the Path of Life hedge maze .
Oh the ironing : It turned out a kid as playing hide and seek with the baby . You were 100 % correct .
Twitter buzzes frantically with news of its share price tanking . meta
If Trump had longer brown hair I think he would look just like Rosie O'Donnell .
drone shots may save humanity from the selfie obsession 😀
Travis Ishikawa will hit a walk-off home run tonight against the Giants . BoldPrediction
You ca n't own a muscle car and be a sissy about it . ironic manup randomthoughts
I 'm sitting in a chair for several hours straight , voicing and editing a project about the dangers of too little physical activity !
They havnt gone away you know
Of course the Supernatural episode I choose to watch is based in Oregon . Coincidence ? pdx
Eazy E on an old talking about never using condoms . He died of AIDS . NWA
It took me 52 years to become comfortable enough with my body to get naked in public , but no one wants to see a naked 52-year-old man
Just seen someone slag someone off with the comment `` must of failed their English today ''
I have a list ! RT So says former organ of the Communist Party
... and as we all know , there will never be any `` extraordinary '' market conditions anymore ... ?
America is so wack rn . All this technology by bad communication . Touch screen phones that are making us loose touch .
On eternal hold to trying to tell them I 'm leaving due to awful service ironic - 40 minutes now ....
The answer to this question is GamerGate .
Fannie , Freddie encouraged to make risker loans as Gov swipes their profits : housing
Karlovic serves 30+ Aces and then loses the match on a double fault ...
I just hydroplaned the most I ever have on the way to get new tires ironic
PP warns only catholic parents can choose to divest Those with wrong religion should have no say . penallaws
A money launderer invited for a lecture . Glad to see that our institutions are becoming better . ShameOnKarachiUniversity
Would it be ironic or progressive if captain America was Mexican ?
It is funny how sometimes you receive a little more support from people you do n't know personally , then the people you see everyday .
..... Let that sink in
Yes , there are also ppl who cheat on taxes & amp ; hide money overseas ... since corps are ppl now ironic
... says the man who is tweeting lame insults .
Danes were voted the happiest people in the world , That gene must of missed Thomas Bjorn . Ironic Golf 😁
People with tattoos who say they have a fear of commitment .
Spray cans are prohibited ? Dismaland
That Syriza experiment was a massive success was n't it ?
Two re-issues of ' JaggedLittlePill in October ? YES PLEASE ! ! ! 20YearAnniversary HandInMyPocket Ironic
Just bought tickets for and my change was $ 4.20
Sometimes it 's good to just read a good book & amp ; detach from the digital world ... wait , I just tweeted that .
Sometimes when you expect people to be a little smarter , they turn out to be more idiotic than ever ..
Just watched a nurse in scrubs walk out of a hospital 's cancer center with a cigarette in her mouth ... 🚬😷🚫 ironic
Solid 75 % of the people that come to the Ice House wear work out clothes ironic
And next week we have an AA meeting right next to a Jameson 's promotion . smh wwn Tallaght
Trying to swat a fly and then 's fly bit comes on
I go check on this boy who suddenly get quiet . `` Are you going caca ? `` `` Go mama ! Go to bed ! `` Well ... I guess someone wants privacy .
In this country , `` democracy '' means pro-government .
Deadman walking
This wins the award ... film entertainment
celebrating 69th independence day , but still 95 % of the indians dont get access to education despite RTE incredible india
This is ironic surely ? Must be ? I mean ...
So after a sex change bruce jenner now caitlin jenner could face manslaughter
My mate lost her job in Permanent TSB . ironic
After a turf war , if my team won : I score the lowest of all my teammates . When my team loses : I score the highest of all my teammates
So says former organ of the Communist Party
`` sometimes its hard for a college football player to translate into the NFL '' - Brady Quinn , fantasy fb analyst
I did n't win the healthlottery ! The annoyance of not winning has made me ill .ironic ?
much in the John 316 one , a greasy burger wrapping waxing poetic about eternal life bb17
Yay ! & amp ; survived our 1st in person session of our online course ! Lol
Focus ! Thanks for sharing , unichernn . yikes education SpellingMatters spellcheck spelling…
NEC Been on this train 5 minutes , heard 4 announcements about quiet car , among others . shutup
Only one man is responsible for the ConfusedPakPolicy that Congressi 's have just begun trending - JAWAHARLAL NEHRU ! ! !
Jared gon na have to fight for his life to avoid getting foot longs put in his ass now SickBastard
watching one of your old standups right now on Comedy Central and there was a hot pocket commercial .
They are fucked . Ironic with all the divorces big % will end up on a dating site . Free source code and 70m punters !
Watching Friends by myself ironic
A positive article about Muslim women but yet again Bad choice of cover picture to represent it Muslimah
Just saw the biggest Beauty School I 've ever laid eyes on . Indianapolis
Oh , that was n't a complaint . choosejoy
Was just remembering when played God in a shiny jacket in Dogma . Was that ironic or nah ?
i use to think i can do anything but when im in a rut i want to hide or run away ironic
stop teasing us , come on man ! ! alicecooper backtoschool radio
Malaysia needs water from Singapore . johor
REALLY ? ! I find this Ironic
Thank you for smoking doodle
The attorney for America 's best known traitor uses the word 'unAmerican . Ironic
MumbaiPolice reluctant to check complaints of illegal alterations ! But the jump the gun once building collapses . banCops
Onion Imported from India being sold @ Rs 26/kg in Qatar ! ! 28
how funny that 1d 's song is tanking yet they broke spotify records for streaming ... yet is no 1 and has staying power
Well Caitlyn Jenner slaughtered her own manhood and now is being charged with man slaughter . Ironic
after bitching about being fat-shamed you dog out Clintons wardrobe choices ? Ur no better than Palin
Inherently violent West Hunted down almost all species of animals to make them endangered . Now they preach how to love AnimalsIrony
Follow up tweet : the word `` characters '' in my last tweet sent me over the character limit .
Check this list out .
RT : Law 46 : Never Appear To Perfect . ( Yall idiots do n't read )
I hate making MISTAKES ! lettering brushtype calligraphy tresaisinco
The coincidence that this short and these shorts match this perfectly is beyond me ironyLake ready on Fleek
It 's funny how pharmacy 's sell cigarettes ironic
getting a wedding invitation for you + guest the same day you break up with your boyfriend
Listening to neil young playing in a Starbucks
Listening to car radio on your car radio
in true socialistic fashion , you 'll use other people 's money to get what you want .
Protest leader wrongfully arrested by police last week now addressing review board . fireservin
voices Onion imported from India being sold @ Rs 26/kg in Qatar ! ! Irony
me ! ! But I loved being able to write about it . fmfparty
`` Through the lens ( es ) of practical idealism . '' Thanks , dad . thisiswhy
Had JaredFogle not had been fat , lost weight eating Subway , and got famous from it , he very well may have never had sex with anybody
And all of a sudden ... Owen is a football genius LFC ironic
Him : good day at work ? Me : no . Him : best part ? Me : when Josh Duggar released a statement that he 's a hypocrite and a cheat
Black Americans think Africans need saving .. Black Africans think Americans need saving ironic lol
I guess men just like to break women 's hearts according to the circumstances of pregnancy .
New boots the Hutterites made snakeskin ironic
Coordinated fashion photo mistake ironic
10 of the past 12 Major Winners are TrackMan users yet `` it ruins '' players swings
Watching speak about creating community at his last meeting . sad
Jake Trotter Texas saying they need OOS players They all say say the Only reason OU is good is because of Texas players . ironic
Millions of people who used Ashley Madison are angry right now that their trust was betrayed
Nobody 's gon na say your good until everyone says it
McDonald 's is going a different way with family-friendly . Hashtag vandalism Ironic FastFood
During Mobile app session audience member 's smartphone announces `` your workout is complete ... '' funny AFS145 lastday
I 'm gon na need to form a team to take down the top-spot teamers in Agar.io , who 's with me ? My name will be FiPlays ironic agario teamers
Today people may ask you why you are doing a right thingBut perhaps wo n't ask you about a wrong thing
Lexi - that cell stank just like your attitude .... Irony beyondscaredstraight
Black Americans think Africans need saving , black Africans think Americans need saving ironic lol
Had a bit of a personal motto / mantra revelation today . Shall proceed accordingly . YOLO ( haha ironic hipster )
Sorry I should have used the hashtag
Ophelia Benson admits the Slymepit was right , but that the Pit used the wrong tone . ftbullies tonepolicing
JoshDuggar said his gay aunt was living in sin , meanwhile Josh blames the devil for porn addiction BlameTheWoman DuggarFamilyValues
Like one disc was n't enough ! ironic
1 the EP of Nathan being arrested ironic
Lmfao at Jarrod in the Penn State hoodie
Ha that is funny . Totally remember eating at that McDonald 's when I worked at Cleveland Clinic in 90s
Like that article on workaholism I ca n't find the time to read . via
This Is Pakistan !
Sunderland have been made the odds-on favourites for relegation by their own shirt sponsor dafabet sufc ironic
Onion imported from India is being sold @ Rs 26/Kg ! ! In QatarIronyMoodOfTheNation 17 Years of दिल से
movie sponsored by advertising ironic
Sounds like we could have a good debate at City Party meeting on September 7 .... Oh ! I can .. but you ca n't : - ) Ironic
Helped through tonight 's painting by celebrating 20 Years of Jagged Little Pill TBT jaggedlittlepill ironic
... and of the independents , too much pay-to-play . ironic
Pedestrians Pay Toll , Show Passports to Enter Mexico Ironic much ? NOAmnesty WakeupAmerica RedNationRising
I ca n't wait to leave.ironic
Greta , this guy Griff 's talking too has a book 'the Clinton years ' directly behind him on bookcase .
Wow ... RT : Vegas Water Manager Reassigned For Poisoning Children 's Drinks 15 Years Ago
Video : stop teasing us , come on man ! ! alicecooper backtoschool radio
Well up for this Dismaland Banksy never ever disappoints ironic
a mega monopolist software giant trolling a teeny-weeny Co. for being Unfair Ironic TragiComedy
Coffy my first periscope was at target too ! ironic
I love the sublime social comment on Weston & amp ; the fact North Somerset council ca n't hear the sniggers dismaland banksy wakeup
So is asking people to `` stop trying to be funny '' .
So much internal laughter researching copyright for podcasting tonight of all nights haha .
Watched CopCar , which has Kevin Bacon in it , and then when I was waking home I heard footloose
I 'm happily married ... But I feel so broken hearted . jongyeon
Above all to thine own self be true .
since when did you start writing for ? immigration : they 're playing hardball
sounds about right , Dyche complaining about other teams spending ( ) then goes and splash 9 million on one player .
always find it funny when Saints fans sarcastically cheer when given a penalty . Yep thats ref 's favourite team Saints
Latest podcast was very long-winded ... Better make sure to respond about it 's long-windedness , with a longwinded comment .
iverson I met you at the Denver airport which reminded me the new album with Redman is out . First listen = 👍🏻 billevans
is discussing its collapse , on itself . `` Collapses To Record Lows ''
of course customer service is closed at night , when you want to use the product but need help .
jlpmoment JLP was also in Mexico 20years A lot of years and memories to include with your songs . ironic yououghtaknow youlearn
Love Pre Season FB . 2 NFL QB 1st round draft picks Manuel Manziel battling late in the 4th Qtr .
Remember when Griff thought he was too good for this scheme .
What an ironic website for a payday loan shop . hipsters LA comedy ironic badinvestments @ the…
Did n't think about it like that , but damn that 's funny
Reading an article how sleep deprivation makes us appear unattractive and sad at 3 am while I 'm wide awake . ironic
`` : Nick Robinson compares BBC protests during referendum to Putin 's Russia ironic
Shorty I used to work with always talked about teen pregnancy and young mothers now she pregnant she just graduated HS last year😂
all these rappers rapping abt money & amp ; breaking law & amp ; in real life they be crying people to download their music illegally.irony
Partydownsouth2 left that house with a fight and Partydownsouth begins the season with a girl fight . Ironic 😂😂
In a centre Webinar on SocialMedia in education ... Thought I 'd better tweet ...
My 5 y/o twins were more adept at opening the baby-proof bathroom door when they were three than they are now .
Lagrangian clickbait game strong . He 's postulating ? of `` fairness '' . Ppl do n't read an article about reading .
`` I am unique ... just like everyone else ''
Leave it up to my mom to put my tita 's ashes in a box that says `` Live today ''
they Never ! That looks like a free market floating currency pattern ! Yuan IMF
`` They actually love music at this record company , unlike some other companies '' ! BelindaCarlisle
That annoying moment when you 're trying to watch a film but the person next to you is talking too much about people who talk too much
The millions of people who have used Are angry because their trust was betrayed
Multi-millionaire James Harrison is afraid that participation trophies are going to make his kids feel entitled . Yeah bro , trophies .
Remember when politician Anthony Weiner ruined his career by sending pictures of his own peen ? ironic
calling himself out cdnpoli
Fact of the Day - Einstein ’ s last words were spoken in German to a nurse who didn ’ t speak German and are lost forever meingot
Hilarious question from a guy who did some email maneuvering of his own down in FL while Gov .
On the Post , we hold hands and we jump as learn how to relaxirony collegeradio on @ KGRG FM
DonaldTrump madeinmexico ironic MyNameIsEarlYou know I 've always got your back Donald J. Trump , but ...
You ca n't even believe the fucking that you just started following me hmm
I mean is a fancy event but you get the cheapest possible Porta Potties ? Someone call because that seems ironic
All the weird things that indian parents say ! funny indianparents
the experience of hearing hip hop music playing at trendy locales and then they make excuses to not let black ppl in smh
Photo : What an ironic website for a payday loan shop . hipsters LA comedy ironic badinvestments ( at the ...
SERIOUS FOMO on columbus right now , how do people cope with graduating
I hope Jared Fogel 's cellmate is a guy named Jersey Mike . JaredFogel Subway ironic
WiFi cut out in the middle of trying to order Internet for my new place . Is that irony ? I ca n't tell anymore . orjustcoincidence ?
Orriols Whats going wrong with the twisted interface ? ironic
Just want to provide a comfortable and stress-free life for my family . Stressful trying to figure out how to accomplish that .
Just had a text from the Royal Mail saying they 'll be delivered today ......... relieved seekanddestroy
Went to Eurpope for 6 months and took two bags and now I 'm going to Madison with a full Uhaul .
My Best Views Ever this year , for my blog , was on May 20th . Ironic
When people share Britain First posts : 😡When those people sharing moved away from the UK 20+ years ago themselves ... 😡😡😡 morons ironic
I 'm so tired and cant sleep
Why is a ninety eight year old buying a lottery ticket ? ironic
ironic batman only drives a and not a ChristianBale
🙌🏾 oh the of Nathan getting arrested on this episode when 1 got arrested today TeenMom2
I was just about to hyu on the snap 😂
Youngest girl in the studio , worst posture in the studio . ironic Good morning !
Just found out that I have Polish and Germany heritage in me ...
paidmedia rape not real
And its your turn to block me
Do you have a right to feel cheated if your info was hacked/released whilst you were cheating your partner ? AshleyMadison karma
auspol Labor & amp ; the vile Unions winning with Smear of Reputation tactic enabled by LeftyMSM BIAS . Funny , it does n't work both ways .
This man 's views must endear him to all those causes he claims to espouse .
1200shot Ironic deliciousness Barossa Lunch and 2013 Pikes ClareValley Shiraz Tempranillo wins…
A number of those caught up in the hack work at the Department of Justice and — — the National Security Agency
I guess the Ashley Madison users affected might have some trust issues going forward . funny how that works
we are here being critical and ironic
t says the guy who did n't use quotes on this tweet .
each & amp ; every political party of Pakistan trying to prove more loyal to army
People looking to be unfaithful exposed because they put trust in organization that 's based on lies & amp ; deception . ashleymadisonhack
for those that are glued to wentworth on channel5 will realise the of this story lol prisonercellblockH ...
Let 's go to DismaLand and enjoy it , yea ? Anarchy SmashtheSystem
morningjoestrategicallybirthedchildren NOT A PEEP 🐤anchorbabies democrats press HAIR ON FIRE 🔥wakeupAmerica tcotirony logic
trying to get Dismaland tickets ironic is it part of the exhibit ? But seriously .
“ We always ignore the ones who adore us , and adore the ones who ignore us . ” – Drake Quote Ironic
Greece Are the greek people this ignorant ?
did you just have a religious dude on talking about explaining superheroes were fictional to his kid ? adultsuperherogod
Podcast guest who said to avoid using jargon when speaking to biz owners referred to word choice as a `` presentation framework . ''
Funny how they say they can kick our ass yet their coach is scared to play us every year ironic
Just got an email from my MP titled `` Are you fed up with all the emails from candidates ? '' Will the spam never end ? LabourSpamIronic
Just got a job lead : production machinery mechanic . Does it matter I 've never changed my own flat tire ? ineedajob
Just wanted to say hi to my Nr . 1.000 follower but guess what , it 's one of those accounts that wants to sell me 10.000 followers .
Not sure fella are they sandals ? freemsfashiontips
71 I 'm actually being blasted by the sun right now 😂 Ironic
What 's up with the massive this campaign ? Jon telling `` half-truths '' and `` colluding '' with POTUS ? FauxNews
Wow , these gamergate people sure have a lot of free time on their hands to tweet cliches , hysteria , poorly thought out arguments
Banksy makes a comment on the state of society .... and the local paper reporting it is up for £15 on Ebay .
Funny a writer blamed Dez for the fight when he was defending his teammates and now other writers are defending the writer , lol .
Decided to go to shop instead . There is n't one . EverythingEverywhere
utd Does that mean we Brits can launch an invasion and kick the Argies out of Argentina ... ?
What a good day ironic WhereAreUNowVMA MTVHottest Justin Bieber
I still ca n't believe a chick passed out during a first aid class concerning how to treat people that have passed out ...
No network advice on website .... Instead you get this picture ... LackOfComms PoorCustomerService
So Germans work the least and Mexicans work the most . ironic
Animal rights activist beaten with duck in Spain
I ca n't cut the tie on my new scissors , because I do n't have a scissors . ironic
Herse driver on mobile phone ironic
😁 'Royal Canadian Mounted Police ' 🍁 is investigating hack & amp ; data dump . giggle 😆
Dismaland looks like it shows how exploitive & amp ; damaging capitalism is : tickets are £3 & amp ; people crying they ca n't get on the site .
Same as that ... not much fun for a support company ; - ) ... never happened when it was free
Party born from division calls itself Unity Party . Greece
Turns out is n't proof . Website has crashed . F1
Disney pandora started and finished my journey with the same song CircleOfLife
It always confuses me when I read anti-social media posts on social media .
I 'm really pleased for it . Well done , life-saving equipment . BBC DayAfterResultsDay
But they never concernd over Chemical bombardment on innocent Sunni 's by Butcher-al-Assad in Syria.Irony
Horrible lull at the 40 character count there , just before the word 'easy ' . burn zing lads solads sotired
What does one do if one is allergic to anti allergic lotion ? ?
Why is 's entrance music stuck in my head ? irony
Almost just crashed my car because there was a ladybug on my head ironic
I 've finally got a pair of REAL ray bans and it 's raining . Fuck sake .
Obama grants Shell permission to start drilling in the Arctic . Fortunately , he 's got his climate change action plan ready ...
Big for who now start Duryea . Hale the man got 2 replace Hickey BKLBrentLern
In the library trying to write something on nurturing and a attachment theory when a parent and toddler group starts singing ironic
seems fair to me.irony
Where 's Norway ? According to the Norwegian media , Norway is falling apart ... ? !
Today it seems Heart surgeons are in great demand : Twitter full of Boys & amp ; Girls with Heart being hurt by others . Farzi bakwaas
if it were him keeping he would n't have caught it
In an homage to Bob 's shoulder surgery we 're having pulled pork shoulder for lunch
it was Neville , and if it were him keeping he would n't have caught it
Microsoft files fed antitrust lawsuit against Interdigital - via
My Vegas keyring died today , but who cares - I 'm back in 10 days to get another 🎲✈️🚁 lucky holidays ironic
I spilt soap all over myself and now my shirt is stained ironic
israel does n't realize he wants everyone to be anti-islam , to think like him ... irony
That 's right , sweetie . You make sure everyone on Twitter knows that you DGAF.Cuz you DGAF , right ? irony
His shirt , tho .
Addicto says the person who tweets about wanting more followers !
I swear I just saw someone in the Area 51 yeezy queue giving themselves a wristy under an angry birds blanket.selfishwanker
`` plz no baseless comments . There is one god , allah '' israel .. but baseless claims are ok ? irony
BBC News - Labour are more North Korean in this leadership election voting debacle than socialist ! corbyn
The advantage of exercising every day is that you die healthier . Facts word TGIF
searched up eminem wont back down on youtube played and agent 47 with the song
Cut my finger underneath my nail popping paracetamol capsules . Guess what I used for the pain ? pharmacyproblems
The more real you get , the more unreal the world gets .. truestory
I was wrong , ofc they found a place for me on one of the lines as soon as I came off my break
missing Lucky the cat ironic missing poster black cat very unlucky @ A4 Bath Road Slough
Juxtaposition `` organized crime '' ? depends on your lens . What do you spy with your wise eyes ?
Jumping Into the Twitter Pool | by If only I could SEE your tweets . Blocked
IT IS AN FRIENDS ALL SORTS OF DEVELOPMENT WORK IN BIHAR STARTS DURING MONSOONS IT IS HAPPENING SINCE 35YRS
absolutely dying for a cigarette
Super funny take on over use of hastags ironicirony & lt ; - this could go on a while !
I think it might beBest to abandon haikuFor today , okay ? haikuchallenge haiku
Just learned that name of the song that reminds me of summer is `` December '' by Colletive Soul ... ironic needanewsong oddchildhood
Man arrested , accused of deadly February hit-and-run wears `` Bad cop no donut '' shirt when taken in :
JetsFans wanted to see Brady sit for the first four games . Geno Smith will sit the first four games for the Jets Rather Ironic
are you just gunna let call you stupid ? ? fyilive fyination
tldr just noted EFF 's Privacy Badger counting ~80 tracking cookies on Dees ' page in this screenshot
The TOI misspells as well as murders grammar in its report of the typo case .
ACM article on password authentication requires password on non-SSL protected page .
This headline with this photo says all we need to know about that controversy .
yes ma'am u r right , but we r following ur country where a terrorist can be the PM of country.irony
promoting out of CompTon a group that promoted homofobia and hardcore sexism ...
As I tweeted my love letter to vegetables , they 're barbecuing 🍔 across the street at some tent sale they 're having at this company . 👃
Laugh for the day PC pcpolice Feds
Jake seems to have chewed up a flyer for a cleaning company
of calling today re : postcard we got re : great deal on HSI : website & amp ; inbound phone down omen stillbetterthancomcast ?
On this Patidar reservation : NRIs are funding the agitation . lulz
Compulsory viewing for anyone with a pulse . sixfeetunder
TarekFatak recognise ppl opposing Pakistan in Balochistan but negate ppl opposing India in Kashmir .
So I got kicked off of FB for putting a picture of a naked chick with no legs up ....
Coup to oust Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev hastened the end of the USSR in 1991
Trying to buy tickets for Dismaland is horrific ! Good job Banksy ! ; ) dismaland Banksy amused slightlyfrustratednowthough
Ted Cruz compares Atheists to Taliban for not doing as Conservative Christians demand . TedCruz Antitheism Atheism GOP
tweeted by a Honkey with her AVI standing by the grand canyon . WhosInvadingWho
Companies sponsoring piracy with Ad dollars BUT Ashley Madison sponsors its own hack ? ? IRONIC via Advertising
the real is that the song being sung is about frustration towards the church due to homophobia .
tryitorbuyit If you would buy it-RT , give it a try ? -favourite EndlessSummer
We use greeks to measure risk of financial asset ! ! strangeworld ! ! !
Mentalbarriers IronyBorderline funny . If it was n't so believable ...
written by M Kaarthika roughnotes hbb tinytales
If despising child murderer Netanyahu makes me anti-semitic it proves to me how brainwashed his supporters are & amp ; how genocide is fine ironic
Ironic that 's '16 catalog has a digital app w/ augmented reality , when '15 's was supported by the viral bookbook spot ikeacatalog
I wonder why people go on Arnabs show and complain ; that they do n't get to talk.ironic 󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴
My local is often in paper complaining about anti-social behaviour . profitbeforepeople
Found out is getting ready for a new album release and now this is stuck in my head ! getout ironic
Did you just analyse Twitter and include some buzzwords ?
Trying to grow a library , but people do n't return the books I lend them .
Too many DistractedDriving campaigns involve roadside billboards , which are distractions themselves .
Love story author Nicholas Sparks has divorced his wife . Ironic WalangForever
When you forget that you were volunteering for Alzheimer 's patients today ...
in India in todays world is that every man has to prove that he is not sexist ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
I tried to take 3 min to listen to 's new single SmokeBreak & amp ; my 2yr old followed me saying `` mommy '' the whole time
Gaurav , our CEO , just revealed his jam & amp ; it 's what we sang to our keys before ANKR : Pink Floyd 's Wish You Were Here flashbackfriday
Just received a `` personal '' phone call from a local business wishing me a happy birthday . It was a recording . notmybirthday
“ I ’ m the best quarterback in the NFL . ”
It just occurred to me that enthusiasm for anti-aging research coincides with doomsday forecasts about climate change .
IndyCar at NFL training camp ? shortseason
Weird class this morning , professor shows up a little late , complains we should n't be late ironic
Commenter : `` Hello , Puerto Ricans born on the island are U.S. citizens . No one is going back ! '' You said it , not me . drain fb
some republican candidates want to revoke the birthright privilege . do n't you forget you 're a land of immigrants , america .
Friend moaning on FB that her 3yo will be given homework . Same person moaned last year that her eldest was n't stretched at school
When they need you , your phone blows the fuck up , when you need them nah not even a peep .
So busy studying a bus app the poxy bus went past me . ironic
DWave announces 1k-qubit CPU & amp ; NSA telling people to fear quantum computing de-crypto
Way to give my school a bad name `` Trump2016 Has Done Well , but Not as Well as the Stock Market ''
So West Ham turn down signing Charlie Austin cos he is `` injury prone '' yet they have Andy Carroll who injured himself putting shoes on
In federal prison , all of Jared 's foot longs come with mayo . EatFresh
mc `` With a name . In a disgusting violation of privacy '' They harvest organs and you worry about a HIPPA violation ? IRONIC
Not really . ironic oops By : Grammarly
In time , everything becomes ironic . time wisdom aphorism
a87 lol an arsenal fan talking bout delusion 😂 ironic six
Cupcakes sponsored by Lifescan ? northhop15 igigs
My mates calling me a waster for going to work instead of drinking lol ironic
Set up to fail are the words used behind big doors to define the future of so called small people who hold those big doors open ironic
The ice cream truck is playing Christmas songs for its jingle . Oh the irony ! Who decided on that ?
“ : Unless you think you 're god would also explain a lot , do n't you think ? `` '' indeed on your part . ; ) ” irony
I have a girlfriend ... and mary have a little lamp Ridicule Mockery Fling
So , I have a routine MRI booked for a Sunday morning when I will be working as O & amp ; G reg weneedtotalkaboutjeremy ImInWorkJeremy
Hit my head on a first aid box , the hurts the most ... ouch
Exactly ! All the hate he gets for being `` wimp '' . He put himself in this position , to be hated by fans . Ironic BB17
augh , I hate it when someone beats me to a compliment , b/c then my compliment back seems insincere . QuickDrawYoureBeautiful IWin
Thor hope the stewards have sunscreen on .
You decided to `` reply all '' to say , `` Please do n't reply all . '' OfficeLife AccidentalCompanyWideEmail
, born to a Cuban in Canada , does n't think people born in US should be citizens ... what a thin lipped twat . republicans
🎵two can play that game🎵 tune
See also : historian whose dad was driven from US by McCarthy RTing guilt by association BS from Goody Mensch 's crucible .
dripping sweat doing CardioFixExtreme workout while it 's snowing outside .. ironic yyc YYCweather 21DFX ✌🏻️⛄️
Funny earlier in the show talks of players and nut cups and later racks jewels after winning Initials .
Money ai n't everything , but everything makes me want it .
have a ton of sites but ironically ca n't submit review at because I proxy thru aws
fear-mongering , apologetics for `` collateral damage '' ... new atheists and evangelicals have a lot in common .
So Jared wo n't even be able to work at when he gets out of prison . EnjoyThatFootlongInJailCreep
biggest innovation in XAML development is actually one link ( I am outdoing my cynical-ness ) ! ! !
Remember kids only homosexuals can ruin the sanctity of marriage . ashleymadisonhack
`` Dr. Dre Apologizes for Assaulting Women '' -Owned by Apple a `` progressive '' company WakeUpAmerica Trump2016
is having `` Killing Me Softly '' stuck in my head while at the DMV . 😒
Stop press ! . Maldonado hits the wall .
Apparently UN and Interpol have stated HafeezSayeed is a dangerous terrorist & amp ; a movie Phantom has scared the shit out of him .
Sitting at a coffee shop in AustinTexas with thebible and thescarletletter in front of me . Think peeps are judging ? englishmajor
very specific & amp ; we all know I have amnesia with certain shit so fine I believe you . alwayscaringboutmyeducation
NEVER hated/feared & amp ; looked forward to a MONDAY like I am right now , buddy !
Tories : Exactly the rules were set by Labour right & amp ; centre
Wait ... what ? ashleymadisonhack made private user info public because ashleymadison makes it hard for users to delete private info .
it 's a dangerous world full of finger breaking counter tops and tooth chipping scar cream . Might I suggest bubble wrap ?
colton - a water delivery truck is on fire right now .
A 2 pound pom that arrived in Australia by boat demonising people who seek asylum by boat Ironic
how ironic are those pictures of Sandow now ... Bet you wish you had n't , because I do . inappropriatejokes noposition
Choking on a cough drop ...
Just saw a commercial for an Rx for Rx opioid induced constipation LegalizeMarijuana
Sounds like you on Ramsey , Cook , Broad etc etcIrony
At what point in a child 's life does waiting cease to be the worst thing in the world ? And can my kids please be there now ? !
I may have left 16 years years ago but this is always my hometown
American Hospital Association NOT a fan yet their members merge to create local market power .
My `` I 'm about to do an intense torture scene '' face Auditions KeepingItLight ActorLife
is having to take a massive shit but being constipated while listening to Let It Go.irony
giveaway pink hats - pink hat guy is a no show
We called the State Police and Bayzick comes
JJ has a clothing line ? ironic
But will they be forced to bake a cake ? IronyNashville hotel cancels reservations for hate group CCC via
I wish Kohn would embrace the work of others rather than thinking they are competing with him
Check out the book on the shelf above the Platte River Networks spokesman 's head on the Fox News interview hillarylies
Hmmmm ... dat dough
-- solar system map sagan is holding was an early `` we are here '' space billboard
not an issue . It 's just that from his album , I could n't ever see him feature on a Swift song . Its ironic
When you peacefully repo someone 's shit & amp ; they angrily tell you YOUR job sucks 😂
was sunny all week ... started pissing it down when I hit the Lake District on way home ... ironic

star jayyy lol . Religion opposes science . yet they are using science to promote religion .
51,000 Madewell sandals are recalled . Ironic
Hope that evian cunt who just missed a 90th minute penalty gets drowned tonight
Real tears right here
giveaway pink hats - pink hat guy is a no show
people will call up and try to rip you for `` hating '' Christians but still support the Duggar family 😂😂😂 ScrewedMorals
Friday morning riddle . What costs more : soul cycle -- or selling your soul to the devil ? Soul cycle . jokes HappyFriday ironic iwonder
Facebook relationship pics .... fakecunt easier to rant on here ironic
mall Actually .... yes ! ! After fees , right around $ 25 , and the seats we have are numbers 3 , 4 , 5 , and 6 .
I always like the in this photo .
Well THAT 'S an ironic QuoteOfTheDay 😕 Was this pre or post Christopher Reeve ? 😔 StephenHawking
Getting called a whore bag for not going out tonight hahahahaha ironic
I slapped my knee laughing madewell notreally
In the Midwest , the only place vegetarians can get food is a Walmart . MindBlown wtf
Why is the weather always nice while you 're at work but crappy on your days off ? wtf rainyday lol unhappy DragMeDownMusicVideo
stil our army needs yrs to clear fata from 'known militants ' Official
so far yes . We almost went to you but you were closed .
Adventures So you got knocked down , but DID NOT get up again ...
billywalsh on Graceland ... That 's a long way from QueensBoulevard 😉 andhisnameisari ironic entourage
But I got exactly what I wanted , her attention and got her to text me 😂 ironic lessonlearned
Fred Trump , father of toupee , born to German immigrants ( Friedrich Drumpf + Elizabeth Christ ) .
are . It 's important to use correct grammar when calling others idiots .
BNP : Government using crossfires to maintain law and order is AL learned it from BNP . BDPol
Is it ironic that 's wedding venue is going to be massively inconvenienced by a professional bike race ? damnbikers
equally amazing ppl create accounts bc they do n't want their identity shown
bbmpelections registrations happening besides a huge pile of garbage ... bangalore bengaluru…
DRL HumanRights protect individuals against Govt abuse Defers2Govt2Advise
I had a dream , I got caught fucking my dream girl 😅 ... Ironic
Yeah ... Ca n't wait to see how people blame gays for this . ashleymadisonhack
At a minor league baseball game in Tulsa and they 're playing the team from my hometown in Texas .
ironic or superfan @ Staples Center
The of reading a book about GMO 's and I 'm sitting here eating processed cereal gmos
Mozilla was upset when Edge was made default browser in Windows 10 . A new Firefox update replaced my default browser search engine . ironic
thinks we should be more afraid of ISIS and illegal immigrants than we should be afraid of people like him ironic
Currently watching friends without any
Starting to think my dog is smarter than we think .... cardsagainsthumanity destroyingtheevidence ironic
The worst/most archaic version of competitive Gears of War is getting pushed in to eSports . 😔 6 years of refinement for this ? ironic
barber great meeting you in whistler remember your next book : `` The Poor Doctor '' finance debt
Ca n't see in Compton = sad
New quote : life ironic stolen inspiration quote sotrue lovethis by tabithagrous
sometimes I forget how much shit I remember until I find myself regretting something I said to my dad when I was four
Taking a picture of computer through my door to write a post about privacy while the `` location '' icon flashes .
ben hipster glasses before they were hipster ironic
those Sam Harris followers always come to his aide . they worship him as a god .
I get a lot of death threats from the BlackLivesMatter supporters .... ironic whitelivesmatter
Wired man was caught in a wire .
Because in Vancouver , even our beer relates back to yoga ironic yogahipsterbeer
The ironic vandal Wisconsin flambeau river funny @ Flambeau River- Park Falls Wi
Now they smell like soap . And corpse . Meanwhile 007 and Junyer are in a fireplace to escape fire .
I think Rusney just told everyone else that there 's two outs . funny RedSox
End a bad day with a good movie . newhope starwars movie badday darthvader
Quote of the day . `` I 'm in a class full of Communication majors , but no one wants to talk to me . ''
Ted Cruz to Jan Mickelson : 'Atheist Taliban ' Attacking Religious Liberty TedCruz Atheism GOP Christianity
`` DC baby ... alllll the way '' LOL ironic skwad SuicideSquad ImBatman
I wonder how many will still rant about commentators having a Melbourne bias for this one ? ? aflgiantsswans goswans
ironic lighting candles to cover the fire/smoke smell
Chad is the one country with a surfer name and yet it 's landlocked .
regulations to make ND cleaner will cause `` irreparable harm '' EPA
HYPOCRISY RT : We gather to take a stand against religious bigotry and intolerance . ( cont )
Well thanks for nothing ANC - see what your new best china is doing to our currency pun
Photo : Wired man was caught in a wire .
funny , if anyone else besides Martin is running , he would have been sent and Calhoun would have had him out .
At Target ! Planners where you write usernames & amp ; passwords in section conveniently labeled PASSWORDS .
is bored It does n't feel good does it ? I am doing to you exactly what you did to Christine .
defendreligiousliberty Melissa from SweetCakes tells Deace about the hate Mail she receives . is they accuse her of being hateful .
When you have one more bite of your dinner left and you drop your fork on the floor fail ironic typical dinner comedy
God I hope 2 years of work on candy crush does n't go down the drain butseriously
Bad guy with gun , thwarted by good guy WITHOUT a gun ! Proud of our heroes ! Marines Heroes
It 's like rain on your wedding day . ironic
Besides , if I did that then I 'd have nothing to distract me at 2 / nearly 3 in the morning ! It is actually helping .... ?
A little here ? hillarylies
Megyn Kelly pre empted by TrumpRally
'Just had a call that the general public are camping in the security campsite , because there are no security ' 😂 Ironic
Never have I ever heard more religious music stations than the drive to put in bay
US Marines stop a terrorist attack . One stabbed , one shot . French man also hurt .... breaking the glass while pulling an alarm . Ironic
Many of those concerned over the term anchorbabies support the harvesters ? defundpp ProLife Ok to abort but not deport ?
remember that time in regular show when the hot dogs try to eat the people
Funny ... You change for someone based on love to keep them happy even if it hurts . But for them its just a burden to adjust to you . ironic
I keep seeing rules for dating my son posted by teenage mom with toddlers
Drinking a yoghurt I found in my bag on the train studentlife noregrets ironic hashtags
Things I hate . vandalism lists
why is my du tv down again ? Internet and TV lofts downtown down just got credit for last outage ca n't use ironic
they made him so called hero of kashmir .... Sorry state of affairs , NDA should have handled it crafty .. They messed it up
of public transportation in india
Hilarious cat and mouse game on trends . Shabir Shah chasing BBMPelectionsEven more
Funny how stew thinks jalin is gay but really stew is the gay 1 ironic
Loving the guy wandering about with a pasty during park run this morning gonnabeahotone
According to his/her bio , an `` independent thinker ''
FightForDyett `` Chicago Public Schools is carrying out a COMMUNITY-DRIVEN process ... '' said McCaffrey . Ironic
Even the Jews are calling Malaysia hypocrites . Haha . Ironic
: Opinion are frees and Onions @ Rs100 !
Wednesday fans singing 'your grounds too big for you ' 😏 ironic
One does n't age and the other still has `` so much potential '' Irony
Windows phone is at one time a good smartphone with great life , But new updates and apps and games in it are released , when outdated
3 days left ! Set your free .
ironic
Saturday noon ... day gon na end in couple of hours .. & amp ; listening to ... 4 Shanivaar IndianIdolJunior : -/ ..
He was on the way to the hairdresser 's . No , really
5AM IN THA MORNIN and I did in fact wake up to this on the Mc channel WatchOut 2Chainz idgt
Sometimes I feel like I need a list of my lists . thingsihate vandalism lists
Right , so is a TV / isp / telecoms company , but some Russian dude can sort out a better quality stream than them for free ironic
nice one for disrespecting cilla blacks funeral by posting pictures of her grave for the world to see thesun ironic CillaBlack
There is a kid here in his Arsenal kit with English on the back
ANOTHER Halfords 'We fit ' lorry stuck under a bridge Marketing genius , or driver stupidity ? Ironic
On train to fitness test .. Nervous as a kitten . Hate tests to exhaustion .
As I post this from my smartphone ...
Thanks to some Jokers in Maharashra .. Jokers Frm across India are commenting on Shivaji Maharaj .. SadButTrue
How the big No Balls has been checked by on field umpires . & amp ; then wicket fells & amp ; checked its no ball . AusVsEng Ashes2015
Middle East conflict drastically 'improves air quality ' pollution war syria iraq ironic
Why only 13 % ? Because parents think there are too many cars , making the streets unsafe ...... So they driveIrony
shit tweet shit shorts
Indians Shocked about Phantom movie ban in Pakistan after 2weeks of India ban on porn !
I literally took over 20,000 steps today , and now that I 'm finally home , I get to massage her feet .
Pak is yet to admit & amp ; feel ashamed that Osama Bin Laden was caught & amp ; killed in their own friendly neighbourhood
words to live by vandalism bossy maketheworldabetterplace
Love that JaredFogle was almost hung on south park and a group of little boys saved him . ironic
Pakistani liberals on Indian TV defending pak . Indian liberals on paki TV defending pak . died 1000 times in a second .
Such an un
good luck with the challenge ! ! FYI the site is not optimal for mobile viewing
The guy who threatened to kill me last night was wearing a National LEO 's Fallen Officer memorial t-shirt .
Source says 1 of the cons of content aggregation is quoting from inaccurate source , then adds inaccurate content . bwaha ! ironic
Do my eyes deceive me , or did Hutchinson just complain about a reckless challenge ? ironic
Was the `` fails to fill Alabama stadium '' necessary or just more bias ? You guys fail to make a profit :
Mazari converted to Darbari
Ironic to find a dead bird in our front yard , the same day where I pick a tree in a Friedwald for my father .
When your dog rips up the brand new pair of jeans you just bought whileyouweresleeping
I wonder If Banksy realised the that just down road from dismaland is the real 1 : Pontins Brean sands , just ask anyone who has been !
masses of refugees seek d promise of Safety & amp ; security in Europe while European terrorists seek 2 destroy that very same promise .
Called last night to try and sort my extremely poor Internet signal/speed . Only to be told their systems had froze .. Ironic
Middle East conflict drastically 'improves air quality ' oh the `` kill people , save the planet ''
a rare treat on the telly !
EU fans are so fucking crazy and insane when they scream for the band . But other fans are cool . 🌞 We just do n't are , sorry . ironic
berzon But that 's rational choice theory for ya . The anti-sociology sociology . ironic
people in picture not wearing skullcap are muslim
Currently shouting `` Speak up ! '' at a silent film . But fgs , Liliane Gish , `` Speak Up ! '' waydowneast 1001
No city for the disabled pune Apathy smartcity QuestionMark
Dismaland : Ticket and queue misery at Banksy show genius
never seen you spew venom like this during UPA . There 's something called hope .
Is this our so calld azad adalia ? ? They cant even give verdict . NA122
While asking the people of coast to vote for JAP in 2017 , Ruto has castigated those who talk politics from Jan to Dec .
Speeding to your speed awareness course ironic
Mam is where we take education ( in Private School ) are the one who who do maximum CORRUPTION and specially in gujarat ...
- Do n't worry Barkha `` Chaar Din Ke Chandni Fir Andheri Raat '' . They are destined to be thrown into dustbin of history .
King Billy would n't be allowed into the OO for being gay
: Love Frank Lampard on SSNHQ saying he wo n't be speaking with an American accent 'anytime soon '
you are aware of the Leveson enquiry and how it closed the NOW .
Only in Ireland dublin northside theconfessionbox catholicguilt ironic
Hastie `` campaign for the solar industry is disgraceful '' Trending canningauspolirony
that poor man . I feel awful for him . As someone tweeted , ATOS would have found him fit for work .
34 online zero in a raid group
What . `` Made in Mexico '' ! Latino tlot p2 tcot LGBT business clothingline WeDay media
So far you have n't shownmuch of a sense of btw ; - ) Good luck with the `` truthing ''
I just read this tweet by dwight while relaxing on my couch !
2 full backs playing in a middle five in a 4-5-1 . What was probably needed but will it be viewed as negative by swfc fans ?
it 's a slap on JC 's face too , they acknowledged the same very reasons NA122 tribunal based its decision upon .
I come to NOLA to see the pats and ends up at dinner with Gronk . sad
Today 's gon na be another good day . 😝
1 ) 22 September ( gift ko okay ? thanks ! ) 2 ) 5 ' 3 '' something hahaha3 ) Black-ish ? hahaha or Brown asa pang blue4 ) Green and Blue hahaha
The place where the idea of `` Pakistan '' originated is itself not in Pakistan i.e . Aligarh .
Artful dissection of trust and credibility . asterisk cdnpoli elexn42
We 've spent all week screaming `` WE NEED DEFENDERS NOW ! ! ! ! '' and then they decide to hoy in a defensive display like that .
so hold on ... there were no fascists ? Then they rallied about anti-fascism ... then fascists turned up ? ....
it was stress relieving to interact with the dogs at Barkin ' Blends while we on the other hand induced stress to the dogs ironic sadtruth
ha ha.candidate that shows his bigotry by callin 4 antisemitic boycott of world 's only jewish state , tweets against racism
absolute tramps putting statuses about other tramps
Reagan helped tear down the Berlin Wall and now we 're building our own ?
Carly I see through it . Done to death ( and better ) by lots of cooler , niche brands , tries too hard . Not natural .
so on the same reasons Ayaz Sadiq an Saad Rafiq are disqualified , but JC declared GE2013 fair and free .. NA122
More IronyYoure on a roll !
The words ( language ) we use today are coined by us but still we dont really understand them
`` A lack of excitement & amp ; a lack of passion '' says pundit Paul Scholes
Wow . A complete moron is calling another moron stupid . ironic
If men are from Mars and women are from Venus does that mean transvestites are from Earth 🌎 ? ! -Shiva Ary wtf
Man Says Fla Funny we use science to prove our case . He just screams `` laws laws laws ''
Does anyone else see the in having the RebelFlag and AmericanFlag displayed together ?
' A lack of excitement ' - voice of Paul scholes
2 American Service Members Foil Gunman in Train Attack terrorism NRA
yes thank you . Can you actually navigate to that on the web site ? ironic since nng teaches findability
Went to Dismaland yesterday . `` I am an imbecile '' balloons for sale for £5 each ! And saw some had sold .
It really is crap the EPL like is n't it ?
Dismaland : 'Queue all worth it'Haha posh middle class wannabes getting in on the act ! dismaland banksy
... says the troll hiding behind an avatar . I love
this new style oozes
Leigh fans so singing you 're not fit to referee should be down to 12 ....
Claridge 's hair transplant is going well .
Is n't it funny alot of these men caught on AshleyMadison are out there advocating for family values . hypocrites karma
I was just reading your tweet while relaxing on the couch !
The $ 15 hr Cause meets the Robot Effect in San Francisco : fightFor15 union tcot p2 unexpectedly
Jared from subway last name is Fogle and McLovin 's real name in the movie was Fogle Ironic TheyLookAlike
Got to stop looking to find yourself
I 'm a Marvel girl yet my photo is from the DC world .
Trump was in Alabama last night , ironically the State with the Highest Numbers of Cheaters according to the ashleymadisonhack
😂 . Just a figure of speech ! ironic
did n't raise it instore as it was closing and in a hurry but clearly it needs a to be truly health food
Oh yeah , just a few dozen ,
I know . Should I put ironic in for you Mr B to indicate the tone of my tweets ?
When your phone shuffles to Empire State of Mind on the way to the Empire State ! ironic NYClivin
Everyone is talking about 4 clean sheets but we did n't score either . Ironic
in my experience , repubs who say they 're against lazy/whiny/entitled are actually the most lazy/whiny/entitled
Sexual discussion with the prayer call in the background hahah CinnamonColomboScope
So after a long run inhaling the smells of McDonald 's bc they have the only picnic tables around
Drinks break because of heat in priceless thats in England if anyone does n't know !
I need scissors to open the scissors ... The
So yesterday LvG praised Rooney for HIS honesty and then today he says lack of goal-scoring does not concern him .
5 yo at 5:30am : { whispers } Pssst . Mom.Mom : Mmmngh ? 5 yo : It 's morning & amp ; I 'm awake . You do n't have to wake up , though . momlife
Dismaland : Ticket and queue misery at Banksy show
Says the guy who earn 14m£ a year ! official
When you do n't perform you have the result and when you perform you do n't get the result . mufc
GAH ! Larry Elmore is at Wizard World . I just got my SNARFQUEST HC yesterday
Do n't laugh about 4 losing 1.5m he 's going to make 5m 4 hooping while most of us just get high fives .
I 'm sorry but this is the funniest thing I 've seen for a while on social media . ironic noshitsherlock funny spell
gon na preach about cum coffee or the hypocrisy of the church quoting letvitcus
only cooking cos I do n't trust her to . Yesterday she made hot chocolate without boiling the kettle burn
Funny , that man and were my first inspirations in entertainment ! Same day my most recent blocked me .
The $ 15 an Hour Cause Meets the $ 30 Pizza Effect : tcot p2 business fightfor15 california
An hour in and no business has taken place . New voting training slowing action considerably . algop
Says Nationalist Socialist
Time for a relaxing bath & amp ; then bed ready for toughmudder southwest tomorrow morning 😁😱 oh the 😂
It 's like meeting the man of your dreams and meeting his beautiful wife , Is n't it Ironic ? Ironic alanis
So a 34 year old Fed is playing in almost every final this year with world no1 Weakeratards
Never a shortage of hate with these people , amazing ! Luckily their religion spreads a message of love .
ironic
calling you out on your meanness is n't mean . Grow upirony
not sure if the person that wrote this was being ironic or paying a compliment , but I 'll take it !
People create their own storms and complain when it rains . Ironic
Need to buy a mattress : ( Aw it 's tiresome to compare things but worth it .
@ Five Below
RN thank you ISIS for selling cheap oil to the world .
`` It 's the biggest night in television '' says ITV show that is showing old Saturday night shows as they 're so good… On Saturday night Ironic
haha ... another cacti plant and this one is called `` happy young lady '' ... me and cacti dont mix ironic
How about I 'm learning colortheory from a nail tech Sharpening my craft . Bout to take this to the nextlevel dontbelievemejustwatch
`` ... The little bit of crazy that 's inside of me is the only thing that 's keeping me sane ... '' ironic mydesertlife
Majority journos hurl abuses to politicians but ca n't stand slightest of criticism here on twitter shame
Been tryin to see For the whole fringe and I sat next to him in the rain At the Pleasance
Kenosha WI is a great place to visit if u want to be ignored the Northwestern football team is here right now coincidentally
yara1994 PS ... I die laughing every time I read Tacoman in reference to Ireland .
I was a Jimmy Buffet fan last Halloween - no joke ; kept losing track of my 'Shaker o ' Salt ' ! ParrotHeads BluntTalk Beijing2015
Like I said I want to have a very Harry ( hairy ) Halloween wishesdocometrue
ps all them fridges getting ripped out too .....
`` The Cosby Show 's doing so well . They want a family show . '' UnauthorizedFullHouse
nzpol 5eyes securitycouncil ironic UN deciding ‘ how best to respond ’ after AT & amp ; T helped NSA spy on headquarters
Libs Puzzled by this message ... pic of vehicles taken from a vehicle . Powered by fossil fuels i would assume . ironic
Fun at the fair noonereadsthesigns fair pettingzoo fineprint camel sign
This amateur Christian apologist just called himself a childish atheist .
An iconic American brand ... irony
So far I 've been falsely labeled a SWJ and a copyleft loon yet they get mad when people call them misogynists or fascists .
a new novelty arrived bruinsbaseballbostonma thatcatgame nekoatsume catcollecting .
Am I the only one who wonders how West Ham got into Europe through FAIR PLAY ? ! FIVE red cards already ! 😂😂😂 WHUFC MOTD
S Malema so wants to address the quasi totalitarian powers you wield before entering an election & amp ; ... ? Ironic
Photo : An iconic American brand…
In this techie times , I have to wait for the U.S . Postal service to deliver my temp password from verizon .
This is from the times when sex was safe and racing was dangerous .
Started the day in the rain and ending the day with rain . Tell me again why I spent all day yesterday repairing the sprinkler ?
Irrational things . You mean like going to watch a scientology movie ?
I think the oxygen delivery guy is going to have a heart attack and drop dead in my house
ironic when he ca n't take off work for a divorce court but can for his gf to meet his family somuchbetteroff divorceproblems
I just heard Caitlyn Jenner has pending charges of man slaughter ... ironic
Sitting in a bar in Boston watching the Saints/Pats game . ironic
Sitting in a golf club watching middle class mums singing their hearts out to 'Living on a prayer '
EPA dumps pollutants in river [ accidentally ] . EPA = Extra Polution Association ? IRONIC EPA ENVIRONMENT
so you put Heath Ledger to cute their sadness ? ? ?
Ted Does n't the story say that , ironically , the French called 0 to thank him for this hero 's actions ?
Is it ironic when the thing you want to drown out asks you to turn down the music ?
Breaks right-hand thumb the night before the first day of business school . Ca n't shake anyone 's hand .
ironic yall catch tha rugrats reference on casinocarpet ? fire album no doubt !
Much much better .... England 's backs carrying the team at the moment . Ironic
Sports Suits better man crush on all the inductees like he did Gene . Yet do n't want him to .
If you preach equality and justice but belittle those you disagree with , YOU , my friend , are part of the problem , not the solution .
Check out language of the lady asking to block others
I think that was the point being made ironic dummy
politics president2016 nowthatsludacris thinkaboutitThere was an outroar of wasteful `` socialist '' ...
Dismaland : First come-first served queue at Banksy show hahaha 👊
Bassil I would say you made a fool of yourself with this Tweet but that would be an understatement to what you already are .
franceengland trouble at white number two
desperately in need of more hot takes on Ashley Madisonirony
W mafroud boukra bi nafs hay el se7a fi the biggest Lebanese flag for the poeple to sign on , and tour the world .
Minifest Whitby is HUGE ! ! !
I 've found a job for Curbishley ! ... caretaker , only temporary mind ... 'til we appoint a proper manager ffc coyw
I reminded you it 's okay to love again , you reminded me why I 've never loved .
bullied their daughter into saying `` gays are evil '' . Now they are crying that they are being bullied for Sam 's cheating .
earl `` waived '' at frank gore last year vs 49ers lmfao ironic
Would n't surprise me if venkys went after big Sam . ironic rovers fairytale
The influx of social networks is jeopardising our ability to talk to each other . ironic
irony : Best NFL Team•Round of 32•RT- Denver BroncosFAV- Minnesota Vikings
I know . That 's how I meant it 😄 complaining getting the wire interrupted but you 're tweeting about it so interrupting it
`` You have selective hearing . '' My 17 yr old to me . Pot meet Kettle ? lol teenagers kids parenting ironic
😜 have great Sunday folks ..
Maybe Christians should read the bible . They might find out that pride is one of the 7 deadly sins .
It 's like rain on ur wedding day . Lalala ironic
When you think everything ’ s okay and everything ’ s going lef ! ironic funnyway
Thank God its Sunday ! A rainy Sunday tho . ironic
Kangas fans booing about a opposition player ducking into a tackle is fucking hilarious ! ! !
My lights flickered as the SLS camera disabled . Talk about mini heart attack . GhostAdventures Edinburgh
It 's so hard to do . Ugh . This sign sits right there too ! menareslow
fundraiser for a liver transplant taking place at a bar
Person sees me listening to metal `` I ca n't understand what he 's saying ! `` listens to music with trashy lyrics `` I love this ! `` Irony
Ca n't get cell service to work on my Rogers phone in Rogers Arena
Did no one upset about blue ivy line actually watch the ep ? It was a plot line ABOUT the joke being poorly received DifficultPeople
watching Friday on a Saturday . actingoutallmyfavoritescenes byefelicia albuquerque…
Big ace out wide to win . SerenaWilliams
Know someone w/a No Thank U Note/No More Gifts policy . Thinking abt implementing it myself w/same person 's kid . Manners SayThanks
Here 's to my relatives who post racist memes and then post that pit bulls are just `` misunderstood . ''
Ai n't it funny how popular chicks get bored cuz they ai n't hanging wit nobody ? !
and talking about ethics . 😂
They do it for free willingly but when they can make money they question it
Well you know is moving way better in the ring than many of the current main roster . NXTTakeOver
Pretty ironic that these droughts , fires , & amp ; river pollutions are in Democrat strongholds . conservation WakeUpAmerica
People are complaining about Dismaland , but their complaints are just adding to the hype . ironic
So ... you ca n't watch Paris Hilton in a Hilton ? ironic
Of all the drugs I have on my person right now , all I want is an Advil .
Those who blame others for their problems never seem to believe anyone else has any part in their success ! Ironic
Lots of illegally modified cars for a national day convoy led by an enforcement agency . How ironic . merdeka
tell me about it . 😂😭😂😭😂😭😂
Irony : needing the bathroom after wuzu , periods before magrib in shehrullah , insomnia after fajar ironic
Telling Alex I 'm showing Jett the way with Christian music and his reply is `` hell ya '' 😂😂😂
Dismaland punters seem more excited by the opportunity to queue than the site itself ironic 😩
Who knew ? My kids loved this pucture ... ironic
“ : `` Smh , you deserve better than that '' hours . ” Our whole convo 😂😂 ironic
you mean John `` The Pharmacist '' Worsfold ? Now that 's ironic
Eternally talking shit on girls who peak in college while I waste away in my unfinished basement room unemployed iambanksy ironic imafuck
ironydemocracy w pol prisonersfail “ : Belarus president frees 6 PoliticalPrisoners ahead of election
Is it to take depositions on a Saturday where the Plaintiff was allegedly fired for refusing to work Saturdays ?
but they 'll live longer . And DAMN THEY FINE .
This ashleymadisonhack is cracking me up . So glad I had my affair the old fashioned way . comical divorce
& gt ; thanks ! I made sure to retweet that original 😊
People tend to ignore who likes them and turn to those who ignore them .
. clean what ? ! Do you mean hand washing coal ?
Yea those who send missionaries to convert poor people to increase the number of the community
the of being asked by convicted racist why it 's racist to challenge China agreement itsoktobeabigot
you should play `` Walk '' in the doctor 's office when Dave gets his cast off ! lols
Oh the irony ... Did I use that word correctly ? wifi guest
Giving my friend tips for her first date when I have n't even been on one
Today my mom and I were almost run over by a hearse ...
The song that 's playing 😂😂😂 ironic
Just realized I have the Grand Canyon separating the two
Come watch be frozen while playing HotS . Ironic
Today I got teach a French student about French grip . It was glorious . drummer drumming drumming musiceducation VicFirth
Funny , you support Jeb2016.Bush 's Grandfather funded Hitler . & amp ; here you are using Hitler memes.Irony
two broke bitches , shopping ironic
The gym was closed so I decided to stuff my face until my stomach hurt . Take that 24 hour fitness ! i ...
Well , we have SNAFU . Why not SNAFEW : Situation Normal , All Functioning Exceptionally Well .
Do n't you hate when people have bad gramer BenAndTempestOnYoutube
ragging on Hipsters , despite him being a huge metrosexual hipster in women 's shoes . NXTTakeover NXTBrooklyn
Sometimes you have to take irrational decisions to maintain rationality in your life . lesson usualrant
chooses `` Unguarded moment '' by The Church as his 1st song choice with on auspol
Booked for a dive then from resulting free a score for Kerry
yes , we ’ re doing all the work on our current house that Jenn ever would have wanted , in order to sell it
true ironic 😔 novice
When what makes other ppl happy can actually hurt so much .
FACTOID : You ca n't see the movie `` Straight Outta Compton '' ( ) in Compton as it does n't have any cinemas or theaters . NWA
So weird that Khloe Kardashian 's fake dad got her real dad off of murder . Khlo-J Simpson
I would like to explain how the cashless policy will work if there is a $ 300 card limit per day ?
Costa brought down Matic in the box .. CFCLive WBAFC
Uh oh ... look what the In-laws just gave us . LOL @ Cracker Barrel…
Sad it 's so true but you just have to laugh !
If terrorists & amp ; separatists r more or less on the same syd ; Y do they need police protection ? NSAtalksDrama India
And he is a chairman of Kashmir committee Ironic
This is why i hate going home : the feeling when your leaving it .
Back to work in the morning ... I am sooo looking forward to the 4am alarm after nearly 2wks off ! ! ironic
Aaron would be proud .
May the obvious posts and statuses about rain begin . Lol Rain Lol
`` KUNG GUSTO MO PUMUNTA SA CONCERT MAGIPON KA ATE ! `` says a fan who 's idol is going to the concert with a free ticket
= & gt ; is coming to the 🙏🙌🙌 ; thug University 🎓 tacking the exams at the same time😒😒
'we should err to encourage use of data , not those who organize the data ' ~
Danced in my room to sixties rock and crashed into my computer charger maiming myself and ruining the fun . Charger is fine . ironic
So much uni work to hand in , yet I 'm sitting in a pub having Sunday lunch and drinking wine
im 22 and i know what i want , i know how to get it and i know i CAN have it . but i cant . ironic =3
is the longest recruiting commercial I 've ever seen . ironic effective
Washingtonian in `` less government=more freedom '' t-shirt thanks firefighters for saving his home hypocrisy
Ibrox is the `` bigot dome '' as described by this chap who happens to use sectarian language . 😳
Yes - we had a yellow ball in the sky and a balmy breeze too ! But sick children galore ! Too unwell to enjoy it ! grrrrrrr
Oh , look who it is .
Everyone at this anti addiction class smokes cigarettes except for me .
We 've got to boil our water and now no Sky thanks to this downpour firstworldproblems Cleveleys
Adblock plus is showing me ads
Germany 's hypocrisy over Greece water privatisation marian innit ?
want to go for a pint with No phones
What i realised helping a friend get a job . Ppl expect a fresher to have 5 yrs exp , few gold medals , at least 1 certificate frm NASA .
Halfords 'We fit ' lorry gets stuck under bridge . Love the
got one , that did n't work either ! 'T was either 'wrong cable ' ( according to guide ) or no juice ironic
Love the emotion behind the effort but you 've achieved with He only has more publicity and more followers . Sadness
So sick and tired of having to explain why I 'm so sick and tired haha ironic notfunny
Crossie not seeing stewards any where near us .. possible all back stage or VIP AREA : -o IRONIC
The cabinet office has the biggest collection of circle jerks
Ca n't find my glasses
meetthepress it is your blind arrogance that propels trump you speak of the American middleclass as though we do n't know better ironic
You have retweeted a ban of eating dog meat just after a picture of you eating chicken
Obama on vacation has an element of associated with it . Same applies to his serving as President .
if ever there was a boring post - literally ABOUT painting drying
In other words , do n't take any notice if Jews say it 's antisemitic , because people like me know better . Ah ,
Oh the BDS relies on Israeli technology to spread its Hatred and Idiocy BDSFail
A fart of living cult member who shares my view on as a cheat thinks is credible because he has a large followingirony
The funny thing is how bitches tweet about other bitches
My dad sent me this : …but I 'm not sure I will want my kids someday to spend so much time on the computer !
Anti-social . On Social MediaIronic
budapestfood posted not without awareness of
The Observer 's Voice » Blog Archive » Life ’ s life writer humor perspective
Ironic rp Calling n texting this wealth from now own bih ...
On a tour of Hanoi today and locals started taking photos of me ironic sightseeing worksbothways
So this Indian girl next door wants me to be her witness for accident insurance ! Ironic
Powered down for electricians to install new UPS yesterday . While installing , the UPS takes a surge which kills its board .
i hate him . i just could n't be bothered but ...
Creative Un-Apocalypse . The of reading this on free app is not lost on me .
Writing my blog about Blackfish and this comes on . x ventre wa
And 2 years later I ended up working at McDonald 's 😂 ironic
Sorry to hear contract ending . Value for money very important but should n't this now apply to presenters as well ?
Everyone is different .. Be positive and shove your unnecessary comments/thoughts up your ass .
Well , that 's funny . I thought this was supposed to happen the other way around .
my fave ironic greeting card reads on front ' I already have a husband but what I really need is a wife '
The ARCA race is on . My mom is hilarious `` Maybe you 'll be on tv . '' ImAlreadyOnTV LocalCelebrity
oh dear . Looks like the road out of your stadium after a match .
All these comedians are so mad about `` The Fat Jew '' stealing their work but do n't think twice about using a photo without permission .
This stranger makes homophobic comments & amp ; decides to block me after I checked his TL ironic gay lgbt salgbtuk
Saw the Chelsea team bus on the way home rentboys rentingabus ironic
Is it possible to fake the impostors syndrome ? Just to make others think u 're a high achiever .
The scissors I just bought are packaged in something that I need scissors to open . Love me some first thing in the morning . 😒✂️
I 'm calm . But a recurring problem is troubling . ( Yay TD ! ! ! )
Sitting down to read all the Amazon articles I saved to I am going to read them on my
kimman Coming from a guy who 's franchise has a losing record and only been to 1 Super Bowl .
Sometimes you just do n't want to sleep , then you regret the next morning masochist sleep is important ineedsleep beautysleep
Is n't it Ironic I was thinking the same thing ....... CRAZY what people do for attention .
How is the going to pitch a new reality series where they would counsel young victims of sexual abuse . DoAsISay NotAsIDo
love the fact he calls himself bigbaws from an anonymous account .
where we have a strong citizen forums , Ward commitees , RWA , there we see a poor turnout.Whitefield , indiranagar.BBMPelectionsirony
Would comic if not so tragic .
Some people pretend to love themselves , but always try to copy others .. ! Irony
Chris Borland 's story is a must read for any football fan . Read it this morning as I prepare for fantasy football drafts perspective
Waiting for Eurotunnel , herded into compound surrounded by razor wire , guard dogs and police . Eurotunnel
Moon `` Trump is to today 's conservative voter what a Kardashian is to today 's 20-something.The dream . `` irony
I want to start a music fest called `` Fuck No Fest . '' It 'll be mostly 1st round American Idol rejects headlined by Kevin Federline .
I 'm trying to figure out if being smothered by that pillow would fit the definition of irony ...
Rollin in to O'Neil like Notorious Thugs . leftcoastbestcoast
His lucky talisman possibly killed him Casualty
this is what happens when I try to find the way to Old Trafford ! No directions ironic clubhasnodirection
and both tweets have caught youironic
when certain things are not suited for u it is not suited for u no matta how u try it lol
greatest failure always , doing stuff for someone who will never ever notice you . hahaha . well .
I tried to Google `` comcast wifi '' but as I 'm using wifi it wo n't load the page .
slagging off le boss , but his profile pic is sitting in the dressing room , inside the stadium Mr wenger built
I get the feeling my boss does not like me . I find it funny , because he 's the church pastor . christians mylifeisjustweird
A geriatric man in a MINOR THREAT shirt , walking with a cane . life
And they 're projected for a wild card berth from the NFC Central Division , too .
Siri Saves Young Man 's Life , Says It Took 5 Times For Siri To Understand Request Technology News RT
Says the adult that believes in sky fairies .
PTI MPA won in NA122 in 2013 elec where IK lost against ASadiq , same consyituency , means PTI supporters voted for MPA but not for IKIrony
I just do n't enjoy my relatives around me and I ca n't say that on anyone 's face .
Beirut police using water cannons despite desperate water shortage + that it 'll clean the streets after trash crisis is ironic YouStink
most concert halls sound best when empty . discuss
'The argument that Jeremy Corbyn is unelectable is being made by three candidates who can ’ t even win an election against Corbyn . '
is a bitchIrony Ironía
It seems strangely fitting that my church would preach a sermon on Biblical community the Sunday before I return to
CM of Gujarat rejects reservation for the prosperous patel community out right where as Marathas the rulers of the state seeking it
When you open a candy and you almost drop the first piece
Got a piggyback down princess road today
Saw a group of nurses chain smoking and eating McDonalds
Puts on his favorite light yellow shirt , immediately drops favorite jalapeño mustard on it from bagel.irony
That moment you get followed by an anti-immigration tweep who has named himself after an INVASIVE species .
Majority of Breaking News stories from the NFL are about domestic violence .
On a train and `` Have Cool , Will Travel '' just came on .
8 womps and a `` uh huh '' followed by 8 more womps and a `` yeah '' has been haunting my nightmares since Friday . soon torture
eh ... that 's a pic of Stevie G in yer profiler !
Just found a black fly in my Chardonnay ironic
International relations and inflation were the two major agendas of last general electionsIrony
Sounds like he has the same approach to immigration as he does to Landscaping and gardeningironic
Sit with your tweet a moment ... just a moment . Now let 's talk about racism . FightingRacismWithRacism Hypocrite Derp
Made me laugh . Perigo is my favourite word when in Portugal . Gets me out of trouble
In order to understand the mind , we need to get out of our own head headspace reasonstomeditate
On our way to walk around the lakebalboapark and listening to alanismorissette ironic dontyathink…
Super smoky in Hells Canyon today .
Well , I do n't care that they do n't care . ironic
Being a girl in this country is really a curse ! ! Girl
When you find condom wrappers in the church parking lot ... 😂
Tiger has become the ultimate cocktease perkins
Management have taken over the train asylum . Brilliant . RMT please strike more .
Spent few days in a weather of less than 14°C without any jacket & amp ; was alright but caught bad cold on a trek to Lohagad yesterday .
Reading John Henry Newman 's Lectures on the Doctrine of Justification on campus of Presbyterian college .
So Caitlyn may be facing MANslaughter chargesirony
Athletic clothes are the most comfortable clothes to sit around and do nothing in .
Funny how people you thought would always stay in your life do n't even look at you or talk to you when you see them . ironic
`` No escape '' but I 'm sure that the actors on the poster will escape . dramtic
😂😂😂 girl NoChill hahaha I know cuz she needs it tbh a `` designer '' that ca n't dress and dresses tragically 😏👀
how the hell did ya lose the wedding card after we handing it over to ya on the bus ? ! ? ! And after we warning ya not to .
Rick encounters his first zombie , a small blonde chickThis kid encounters his first zombie , a cute blonde chickirony FearTheWalkingDead
What exactly about Sam is southern ? Chicago ? Las Vegas ? hmmmm ... His BFF lindsey lives in the south . Ironic
It 's Ironic that arrived in the USA in utero . The epithet AnchorBaby applies to Jindal . Hypocrisy
This guy is parked out the front of the Southport Court House on the GoldCoast .
‘ Go Back To Mexico ’ Sentiment Is Most Prevalent In States That Used To Be Mexico racism
Advert for 'smart water ' during Fight Club . ironic
The kids are quiet and wont argue or fight for the next 4 hours as they are both watching Summer Slam ironic
Homeowner wearing a less-government t-shirt thanks govt firefighters who saved his home from a wildfireirony USFS
Today I drowned my phone in the drinking water while canoeing . phonefails
My cards last night . ironic
When you have to turn down Korean food for basketball 😭😭😭😭 BallisLife GrindNonStop GreatnessAwaits HOOPDREAMS ironic hashtag
Slicing open your middle finger w/ a butcher knife the night before your 1st year teaching 7th/8th graders . backtoschool imateacher
as I was pulling out of my driveway with my first truckload of stuff to my new apartment the song 'House That Built Me ' came on 😭🏡👋🏼 ironic
Watching Harlan County USA . A train whistle blows - more coal leaves appalachia . wv coal
Yes , I just said `` the MLS '' . ironic
Since All Star Break , stlcards are 1-4 on Sundays . All loses opportunities to complete sweeps . Win today would avoid a sweep .
HowNotToArgue Behave according to the dictionary definition of a bigot , while talking of bigotry . SadPuppies
10 yrs ago it was Katrina ( flood issues ) . Today its massive wildfires in the west . Ironic prayingforresponders
I was just pulled over for speeding while bumping Drive Slow by Kanye
Same as No Sandy Relief Begs for Hurricane Relief for TX UniteBlue LibCrib KochBrothers
Why would you not call little children working in movies and television as child labor ? law childlabor lawyer parenting movies
`` It 's funny but it 's very , very outdated . '' - how a cast member described an attraction in FUTURE world
He may be injured me may not be injured you ca n't know for sure . Therefore you just contradicted yourself . ironic
I would n't hold my breath if i was you . Cause ill forget but ill never forgive you . 🙌 BringMeTheHorizon ThatsTheSpirit Sick
Perhaps time to rethink the T-Shirt ?
So they 're called 'One Direction ' yet they are going separate ways on solo projects ...
REPORT So NY Ed Dep ( which generates millions of dropouts & amp ; morons ) will determine if private school is up to min standards ?
I 'm having baby
I got struck by the Repent Follow Jesus Amen sign guy in front of Madison Square Garden , causing him to repent to me . msg
vanessa is supposedly a really good poker player .... yet she is really terrible at lying right now ironic bb17
They 're showing Hep C commercials during BachelorInParadise
Fear the walking dead 's intro just gave me life ironic
Guy wearing a Batman wifebeater chanting `` You look stupid '' at Sheamus . Hysterical.ironySummerSlam
Just look at them about to take our jobs and womenfolk
: when your fav show is n't on a summer hiatus but you ca n't watch it cuz your bff and you are spending your holidays apart
So the team from San Jose is likely to face a team called the Sharks in the Arena Bowl ? Ironic sjsharks
It 's `` you 're . '' RT : Your stupid if you smoke weed & amp ; play sports
Why even run a fucking Obama attack ad now ? He 's not competition . You 're a white male kicking the black man who 's not a threat . Ironic
is when a man who talks about aliens has hair straight out of Babylon5
He was actually considering the TAFE route once he moves to town ... now it 's if he moves to town , thanks to no dole .
Saw Pete Rose in Vegas ironic
Just walked past a guy trying to fix his bike . He was wearing a shirt that said `` Some things just ca n't be fixed ''
Wall Street on and Fight Club on tv
Ninja-Clad Robbers Run When Store Owner Pulls Out Massive Sword crime selfdefense humour smallbusiness
says the fan of a team that is a perineal loser . ironic 😉
Rick is a contraction of Richard . So is Dick . If only Rick Astley was Dick Astley ~ Westbro would have got Dick Rolled ! ! !
So the protestors against the state were then calling on the state to help them Beirut YouStink
ISIS Offers Reward for Killing Al Qaeda Leader via Kelly822
Yes some of the banner are ridiculous but I 'm sure they 're done with a younger firmly in cheek !
Go Jays ! This is like the movie Angels in the Outfield .
Hella people are pointing out how i say hella
did you ever had ? ? At least you admit it : )
but can he do it a rainy day in Stoke ! ? YNWA
Awesome weekend to sadly end the summer
see the reporters create news out of thin air .. simply ask your guests what they think- so what was so great about the depression ?
Listening to Grenade while shooting and shelling are taking place in Sanaa Yemen ironic funny lame Houthis Crimes
I learned how to iron by staying up late in jr. high watching you learn how to iron ?
and her CoolForTheSummerVMA video are the hottest things I 've seen all summer ... ironic ? 😍🔥
if1ca n't c cynicism satyre in our Life , '' here '' b4our eyes , then1=worse off than blind1who may understand why than b able2c it/how
My whole outfit is Forever21 today but I 'm Finally25 OLD
`` But we still keep our old shitty planes and constantly delay flights '' IRONIC
Last time Fiji promulgated a Constitution Day as a public holiday was 2commemorate the racially biased 1990 Constitution FijiPol
We had time for loveBut we never had loveNow we have Love this TimeBut no Time for Loveirony lovequote
but Jesus loves you !
Tweeting it like it isirony
Jack moved my glasses and I do n't know where they are because I do n't have my glasses to see 😔 ironic
Not an exhibit yet the most photographed at the shadow scenes exhibition . cinnamoncolomboscope
My alarm tone is Summer time sadness ☀️😔
overload at TayBridge . Making everyone late .
Ever since I was making fun of people I have pictures by kid rock and Cheryl Crowe stuck in my head 😂😂
In both cases though , I 'll be awaiting Trial . HAHAHAHAHA
mondaymotivation a litre of Petrol costs less than a kilo of onions . Also you can afford a stove , oil for cooking but not onions
Probably really dehydrated ironic I miss you Rosarito 😭
`` Not everything needs a hashtag '' . htrmit hadtodoit
I had a horrendous split up at journalism school ( with another student ) . That was treated discreetly .
Cena to win with a crucifix ?
Everything coming from nothing is what Genesis describes , not science .
Take your partners , please , for the `` Kezurrection Shuffle '' . It 's a new dawn for Scottish Labour , honest !
Storm fans booing Newcastle as they slow things down . NRLStormKnights
A rainy London is the best way to start a new working week . ironic or maybe not .
ISIS destroys yet another thing from a time period to which they wish to return .
I have to get up at 5am for a northern SK fishing trip . And Trooper is blasting RaiseALittleHell at my room .
Flash ! This just in ... More alleged violations being recorded in plain view .
Staying in Gaylord , Michigan for a week
How come he is still in Senate when in fact , the rationale for the grant of his bail is for him to seek medical attention
No soup for you RT Socialism ( = communism in disguise ) how wonderful it is ..
Im the happiest when it 's raining ... and the loneliest too .
It 's funny I 'm getting told I 'm `` acting funny '' but I 'm never on anybody 's priority list until they realize I 'm not fuckin w/ them . ironic
Left winger complains about the `` faux outrage '' on Twitter . Excuse me whilst I laugh hysterically . auspol
There ’ s no bodies…they couldn ’ t just get up and walk away at its finest FearTWD
Rightwing capitalist Baba !
Chris Carter 's a football life was on NFL Network tonight :
Real “ : `` China 's economy is rising , and it 's terrible for the US ! '' `` China 's economy is falling , and it 's terrible for the US ! ''
Mow the lawn ? RT : Write her a letter , send her a flower ... love only gets old if you let it .
Guy gallantly helps me move stray weights out of the way so I can get to the barbell and lift weights . gym lift
Hey world , while you support a state for a non-existent ppl called fakestinians , a real ppl called Kurds actually deserve a state !
Flashback to the day I told he 'd be the first person in our friend group to eat ass now he tosses salads for a living
My relative was buried there in 1922 . Did n't know we went on his death day til nite . Same day you posted this pic . ironic
Go to read in Cosmo ? Be sure to sit through the 'how to be a sexy woman ' pop-up before reading .
Anon it 's so weird padded rooms are flat ... west
- no need for `` public '' telephones ? !
And yet - the whole current situation is set up by people who want control . ? PPSellsBabyParts
bc I 'm inspired by 's concept of `` Introvert Faction ''
Anyone remember when BarnesandNoble came in to town and the sign went up as Barnes & amp ; Nobel ?
Watching the terminator and just saw an ad for a humanoid toy robot ironic
Sharada Vijay sends this ... bythebeach tales
no you 're missing the point . You 're complaining about it , yet even used the hashtag Summerslam ! CrossDresser
Watching the hangover in Vegas
And just when I start to heal from losing you , you begin to hurt from losing me . ironic
Came on shuffle while prepping ish to start college tomorrow . teb
Pandora just played All Time Low then Metro Station immediately after OH THE 😂👏 AllTimeLow metrostation ironic pandora
and the Democrats are in power ! ! ! !
It 's crazy b|c I legit do n't like bitches ( females ) but I date them tho lol ironic
Because the RUC/PSNI told you PIRA doesnt exist ? Ironic
I understand . But then the same people that ridicule it watch Star Wars and Game of Thrones and shit like that
When nature has a sense of humor : A pot of gold within in building ? ironic
Christian apologists talk about free will when their belief system is based on compulsive love & amp ; threats of infinite tortureatheism
The is too much for me to handle . rice ricefarmer microagression niners 49ers…
Wondering how long before China starts to blame westerners for their many economic problems ? ChinaMeltdown
Anti-semitic misogynist in fine vitriolic form ... ( almost ) at The Israeli Film Festival ?
when both people you texting say you playing games 😂😂😂 ironic
Leaving the gloriously sunny northwest & amp ; heading for the rain soaked south ! ! !
I thought it was hilarious someone that supports labour asking how liberal can afford this policy
What needed 2rise z hving freefall Sensex Rupee & amp ; price f daily cmmdites lk onion whch needed 2fall z rising
I find it interesting that we went from a movie about divorce to a movie about a wedding . TheCateredAffair SUTS TCMParty
Is n't it interesting how people can have perfect vision to your problems but be blinded to their own BS ?
mondaymotivation a litre of Petrol costs less than a kilo of onions 69.44 & lt ; 72.00 ab bhooke pet gaadi chalao
The ending of Dexter makes me want to find the writers and go a little Dexter on them 😑😩😡 Dexter
Everybody 's mondaymotivation is Friday . Ironic
Paisley Jnr emerges from political wilderness to advocate excluding SF who are democratically elected . The DUP `` Democratic '' Unionists
I hated this Monday until I just heard 'S I hate Monday 's which kind of made it better ironic
is when you1 . Buy a ranch2 . Marry a nasty breeder nicknamed `` the dingo '' 3 . Create nasty mixes4 . Get dumped for acting like a brute
Probably gon na get a parking ticket while trying to get a decal so I wo n't get a parking ticket
We 're all smiles but then there 's Evo who 's crying.Irony of Life Baby
I love how how Americans finally being responsible & amp ; paying down debt instead of reckless spending is a symptom of BlackMonday Ironic
Jokes have been made on Aamir Khan for being a human being . 😁
Chris Carter just became the NFL 's fall guy
Photo : This is a watermelon blood , ( …Clik image ) veggieblood Vegan ironic fruityourself peace ...
Mac had a windows crash ! ironic
A mother wz her 2 daugters posing at the Backstage.watercolour artforsale
We buy TOI to check out the ads and surf the Facebook/twitter to get the news
Integrity of the game huh ? this video was posted on the NFL website for more than a year . The
WOW , just spent 2 days composing my 1st newsletter & amp ; the moment I go to send it the photos are n't there .
At coffee bean at LAX when the tv shows how to save money on coffee by brewing at home
You 're welcome ! I love that the Luck jersey is the most popular in Indiana ... and Nevada .
My professor 2012 : I 'm so afraid Romney will set women 's rights back 50 yrs.Me : Do n't worry . Pres . ca n't do Big things by himself.Irony
You asked where JJ went to school . Carmel . Then I asked where big fella went . Mt . Carmel . 😊
'And you woke me up because ? 'irony
NEHH the ironic driver of record ticket sales implied by article by
All the GOP establishment pundits are trying to convince conservatives that Trump will turn out like Boehner and McConnell . CruzCrew
Found this in the Dismaland ticket conditions : '' The following are strictly prohibited in the Park – spray paint , marker pens '' irony
And then such sessions & amp ; proceeding under incompetent speaker , shall be declared null & amp ; void . NA122
What song best describes your life right now ? — Amy by Greenday ironic
Freshman year : stay clear of upper classmen Sophomore year : MESS WITH EVERY FRESHYIrony
Delgado There are idiots with Che shirts in America that enjoy using iphones .
: - ) now off to work out why the huuuuge spreadsheet I saved at work on Friday is n't there today .
So weird that I 'm not going back to classes ! But I 'm on my first business trip ! ironic graduate 💙🎶💛🎓💙💁🏻💛
Jesus fucking Christ . Here 's hoping they 're eaten by an anorexic cannibal ironic
It 's MONDAY ! ( Because we ca n't fix what we do n't acknowledge ! ha , ha ! ) MasteringMondays SimplyDesignedSuccess
you 're saying the third party was `` in bed '' with someone other than Ashley Madison , betraying a sacred trust ?
Is this or Coincidence ?
On a roadtrip to Grand Canyon and while passing through Tennessee went passed Diabetes Headquarters ! dsma type1diabetes 👋🏻
At tech waiting on sis to get outta class & amp ; First day of school starts playing
Getting lots out of this experience already but going to get a little irritated by assumptions of `` we are all '' ... ironic subjectivity
An African-American ( Black ) financial analyst screaming BlackMonday BlackMonday ! Irony PoliticalCorrectness LaughingStock
The Power of Social ... due to a live tweet break-up feed , drunk netflix watchers must be in demand then !
Even `` three word slogans '' is a three word slogan ! ironic
There 's nothing like workin ' in a field where people from the outside have the answers to your questions ironic consumerbehavior mktg
Someone has no heart ! 😂😂 subway jaredfogle JaredFromSubway
`` Monday is our last day of the week . ''
How to waste 10 minutes ....
Photo : I need to go back . I can ’ t wait to plan another Disney vacation ...
`` Be yourself . Everyone else is already taken . '' OscarWilde ( used w/out in a mass-produced Audi commercial ) .
I need to go back . I ca n't wait to plan another Disney vacation mdepetris
Just sent someone to see the film Minions for me .
Foreign leaders do politics on development , economy , social security etc . and in Nepal its Racism , Ethnicity , Religion and geography .
Babies love to rise at 6am . Teens HAVE to do it to get to school on time via startschoollater
He makes racist comments about Irish people , yet no problem taking money from Vince McMahon
cause no one hates me ( ? ) Or even love me
So many calls from job agencies ... Which I ca n't answer because I 'm at work
New law against slavery has n't stopped Mauritania from jailing anti-slavery activist Biram .
Next week on how the IPA funds & amp ; are policy advisers for LNP & amp ; how tax payers fund the mining ind who in turn fund the LNP
- You 've heard that 1D are taking a break then ! : - ) Ifoknowwhatyoumeanthough
William of orange was gay but ye do n't accept gay people ironic oldestgayprideparade
Pomona Gardens 1875 also feature in the `` This is your city , Manchester '' ironic
Imaginary values are dropping and people go batshitcrazy . The real environment is going to hell and people shrug their shoulders .
Ade Clearly was n't otherwise he would be comparing apples to oranges ironic
Just realised I 've been spelling 'idiot ' wrongly my whole life .
Unable to watch qanda because of international politics essay regrets sorry
People are very concerned about whether or not Eazy-E was murdered 20 years ago but are treating Sandra Bland like old news
schoolchoice advocates are against Parents ' choice of schools . thy name is Chicago
SCHOOL ho to PRIVATE ....... JOB ho to GOVT.irony
humphries said better not to speculate ignoring the fact that most of his reports are based on speculation .
WTF ? ! Someone on TV saying `` ppl trying 2have their holidays & amp ; immigrants hv bn put up in same hotel ! '' At least you can have hols ! irony
My last few rt - the guy who wanted Soldado , Lamala , Falcao and Quadrado is calling Wenger a fraud ! Irony
Pomona Gardens 1875 also feature in the `` This is your city , Manchester '' ironic
SmithMaths hang on mate .. YOU butted into this Twitter conversation ! So you 're spamming us
This is a watermelon blood , ( ... Clik image ) veggieblood Vegan ironic fruityourself peace…
Ha forever alone 😩 I 'm good ! I 'll Carry myself . NoLove Ironic karma I suck at picking them .
didyouknow that they charge you $ 45 to leave PEI ? free and easy to enter , however , pretty much the same concept as a Lobster Trap
My life is starting to resemble an Alanis Morrisette song ! .... Now is n't that Ironic
Everybdy is an xcellent lawyer for his own mistakes & amp ; an excellent judge for other 's mistakes
Coming from a Youthiya.Irony
BTW there ’ s a cold wave heading for the Queen City . Some weather forecasters have predicted no highs in the 90s for late in the week .
I do n't drink . That 's why I always have a 6 pack .
- seen on my pinterest feed , exercise vs sweet treats ....
oh the of this tweetme PressFreedom and politics accountability eroded once more by digital america
Most times I have no clue who you 're talking to ...
Me and the 6 year old both have hiccups right now .
if you tweet more on this issue .. time will come when some ppl will start to abuse you ..
The beautiful when someone with a `` choose life '' license plate almost runs you off the road while texting and driving . dumbdumb
if I ca n't talk `` smack '' about them without those laurels , how come their fans can praise then without the same ? Lol
And maybe that 's because of how much I love you !
Yall komin at future for doin acid but ya mama & amp ; aunts was shootin heroin in they veins while yall was outside playin 😂😂
The one that always foils his own master 's plans by being so incompetent . or what .
Hahha ooopsie I meant aesthetically
Bunny - Give my garden a chance ! Too late - you are not a flower ! You are a rampantrabbit ! : )
Somewhere the football gods are smirking with joy .
Christian fundie calls trans woman screwed up .
Off to the gulags with me - - officially a non-person Facebook the ultimate closed off organisation that preaches open comms alert
so great servers -.- bo3
Ugh ... Microsoft is making me download 8year old client s/w for a live webinar about Win10 & amp ; Edge annoying ironic
I am THE WORST when it comes to congratulating people on being pregnant . And yet , I run a children 's shop & amp ; should be a pro by now .
Kids these days are proud of swag , when style and class still exist .
Tweeted about how I love being lazy and three fitness accounts followed me Ironic ICantChangeEvenIfITried YogaPantsAreForNetflixWatching
Oh the as cheating spouses are upset that ashleymadisonhack betrayed their trust cheaters karma
Cheaters upset as they were `` cheated '' by AshleyMadison ashleymadisonhack
thanking firefighters who saved his house . lower taxes + less government = more freedom .
Hey Kovacevic PIT airport forced me to watch a 12 second ad today to access free Wi-Fi . Ad for what you ask ? starbucks
Man in less-gov't , more freedom shirt thanks big gov't firefighters for saving his homeIronyMerica
I wallowed in emptiness & amp ; swam in the ironic loneliness of wounded people . Surrounded by many , yet totally alone .
I enjoy reading all the comments saying it 'll never catch on 😉
Love this . at
dear mufc , I am also sure Ed has lots to learn on business from joe public the 3 gcse acclaimed builder
Miz what did you say earlier ca n't trust an agent ? Yet u did with alexisdunn gutdj
playing in a friendly to get fit ...
I remember when the kardashians and Lily were fan girling over wedding atttendies who were n't famous😂😂
Kurt would be rolling in his grave at the very thought of Instagran .
at work can increase creativity communication
God I hope it 's gold pants with gold unis and neon yellow helmets .
I am seriously breaking apart lol . Random problems crop up in my body and that too when I 'm actually eating well .
yeah , the ones at that Trump rally yelling `` white power , '' but more than likely benefiting from Obamacare !
coming from a united fan !
Ya ever sneeze , and nobody says Bless You , and you just wannayell `` BLESS ME MOTHERFUK ... '' Oh .. CantSayItLikeThat comedy
I wonder what Roslyn thought about Rufus Humphry at her rendezvous with Lily and Chuck JLO
It 's like rain on the last day of summer ... ironic
I 'll read this . But later ... : - ) ) x
or maybe an ironic high five ...
yeah , we totally need shootings in the fgc
Good morning IG haha comedy footlong or sixinch Jerry from subway
I 'm always late to class but when I do come early the professor is late .
it 's anchorMAN not anchorLADY .
sure if you order an NE555 there you could build a bomb timer ( useful things seem less likely )
I was asleep and was woken up to go to a sleep doctor to find out why I ca n't sleep .
I 've been retweeted , there will be a lot of candidates for the award now ! RT if blue , Fav if green .
. continue to give energy to Donald Trump :
Last time AAP praised a woman 's `` bravery '' , it turned out to be gundagardi by Alka Lamba.irony
Watching cdwm and 'cooking ' microwave curry
news It still is a great song ... Ironic
Russell wrote about fear based politics in 'Portraits From Memory ' in relation to communism , there 's some
The bias Americans hate the taste of their own medicine ironic
If it 's sent by ship then it 's a CARgo , if it 's sent by road then it 's a SHIPment . fact
Brits and the `` talkin bout the weather '' 😂☔️ ironic
alert 2 - offer a customer service line so you can phone and be told they do n't offer customer support . Seriously ?
Leather Industry ney 70000 gadhon ki khalein jama ke hein
The S & amp ; P playing around the 1929 level just makes it more fun
People complain when the bus does n't stop right in front of them .... It 's those same people that complain about being overweight ironic
A nurse who finally understands ! Diabetics like being in control of their needles , not some random woman ! needles scaredofneedles
That 's all the scripts done for filming this week ! May need a new laptop now though as I appear to have broken the ' F ' key ironic
One Direction going their separate ways .
Wtf my teacher is black lol ironic
As if Monday is n't tough enough , without 1D spliddin '
P Lettuce I was last year 's
Please Mr PutinDo n't just take WikipediaTake my sight , my hearing , lest l be led astrayTake my freedom , my life ( Trad Russian )
Eating salt and vinegar potato chips , writing webcopy for a personal trainer . writerslife copywriter
A man with a Jurassic Park tanktop chanting 'you look stupid ' SummerSlam
where is Cris Carter 's fallguy ironic entourageshouldsayitwasnthisidea
Saw a homeless lady panhandling w/ a `` Mice and Men '' quote tattoo foreshadowing
The media are attacking for getting his foreign policy information from the media .
Man wearing anti-government t-shirt thanks firefighters for saving his home : via
Just wisdom . . . no bitching ........ lately . . . ironic . . RNRWisdom
amazing considering their fearless leader Franklin loves the redistribution methodology for a greater social good . ironic
I turned up expecting a Richard Kiel tribute event… ironic
Amazing pro ballplayers would rather have shades on hat than over eyes wgn cubs Talking to you Mr. Herrerra
“ Go Back To Mexico ” Sentiment Is Most Prevalent In States That Used To Be Mexico facepalm racism
watching these people smile and clap as our markets are tumbling .
WhoPutTheant in elephantenglish spelling
Some people just love to take credit of everything .
Am I the only 1 2 c the in one direction going separate ways ?
AshleyMadison Do you think that the cheaters have the right to feel cheated by the hackers and the website ?
passed the 2 largest tax increases in CT 's history . No wonder he supports FITN nhpolitics
Finding it funny watching TeenWolf all the smoking ads shown . Is that for the viewer or the cast 's benefit ? ! Ironic
rubbish . Current bandwidth is more than enough , people are just playing game and looking at porn .
You are too cool Mr Wilson ! ! Great working with you ! awesome talent ILoveMusic Ironic AlanisMorrisette
- Saw a Smart Car with a Jesus Fish on it . ironic
Funny singing about climate change , under 350 ceiling bulbs Jonny and the Baptists : The End Is Nigh edfringe
Turns out , Cris Carter was the NFL 's fall guy .
Its a great show but ironic you highlighted the entrepreneur that has hit obstacles in pitches .
Messianic End Times Israel Meddling JoelRosenberg ; '' Iran leaders form an apocalyptic , genocidal death cult . `` Irony JStreet IranDeal
- What ! That means talking to each other ! : - ) marriedtwentyfiveyearsthisyear : - )
OneDirection going separate ways offers so much scope in terms of
My daily calendar was more on point than usual today .
All good ! Had tried many . At least 10 diff workarounds . Right after I sent tweet 2 u , I tried the 11th and it worked !
you mean someone got mad for you not doing something , and it doesnt effect them ?
My stepdad found out his suit does n't fit for my bro 's wedding that 's in 2 weeks , so he is drowning away his sorrows with ice cream ironic
I just realized how annoying hashtags after a person used it in such a cliche statement like ughhhhhhhhh positivity annoyinghashtag
America to God : `` Dear God please watch over our kids as they go back out to school . Just be sure to stay out of our schools . ''
Went for a big walk earlier and almost got hit by an ambulance ironic thatswhatigetfortryingtoexercise
Dontcha just luv ~~ 🚬
I feel like I 've gone to more country music things at my job than anything else . Ironic KipMoore
WhoPutThefun in funeralenglish spelling
Aw , and every simplification is somehow incorrect ..
It 's like meeting the guy of your dreams and then realizing you 'd rather have a beautiful wife . ironic
All of those kayaks are made from oil .
Contemplating joining a gym ... But is 65 quid a month too much ? It 's really near my house tho so wo n't have far to walk
they are just kids ... Why should We ask them more ? ! It 's all teachers ' fault of courseirony
It 's easier to get meth in this town than it is to get decongestants appalachia thanksmeth
can we exchange illegal immigrants back 4 Mexican made coke ? That stuff is way better than the stuff we make here .
First song to come on my pandora was I love college 😂 ironic
I have an idea for you , get some french fries from & amp ; then dip them in this ice cream ! Delicious
Ashley Madison exec reportedly hacked a competitor via security ironic hack cybersecurity news
`` Man wearing anti-government t-shirt thanks firefighters for saving his home '' irony via
I spend all of my money on food and workout clothes ironic
Barrowman you have to be careful with phone in pool my waterproof Sony z2 turned out not to be
FFS . My wife tweets like once a year ( and I wrote it cos she do n't know how to ) and MUSIC + both fave her . Ironic
KnowingMyLuck , Everything that Alanis Morrisette said ...
WhoPutTheex in sexenglish spelling
1good girl meaning Kim ? ironic
I truly ca n't believe that in 2015 people still buy this shit ? Scientology FFS it was made up by a science fiction writer ! idiots
Just when I wanted to open up to you , it 's about something I ca n't tell you about ..
Could n't finish my run tonight . Had to walk the last bit . Born to Run started to play as soon as I started walking . fitnessfail
You really should sit and read this tweet to yourself until the penetrates your blood-brain barrier .
Good job 👏🏻 ironic
My friend found me , hugged me , and got my back while other people are stabbing it .
too high what do you mean too high ? You mean too far ! Too high , too far who gives a shit its outta here- major league ironic
`` One Day More '' alldayeveryday ? ironic
Paging Mitt Mr47Percent Romney ... All while other GOP contenders still want to shield the super rich .
A Crime a Day : :
Pirates hate Windows10 because they think it 's `` sharing '' their data : -D ( Yeah of course , issue is privacy . )
I literally can not find a single copy of the font `` Gotham '' that is not corrupt . designerproblems fonts
people earning so much end up stressing themselves out about how they 're going to afford their private health insurance .
Only an American would hog tie an Islamic terrorist on a train in France . tcot
Just saw a woman literally walk out of the gym doors grab her vape and start smoking .. It geeked me out so hard😂😂
So blasts on because he 's a Star Wars fan . But he is the biggest fake-wrestling , big-dudes-on-tights mark ? Ironic
taking a picture of her new camera with her phone meta
Naw , , if Banksy knew me .. He 'd get why . I ca n't afford him , middle class gal . He 'd get it .
Fucking hell would n't like to meet Benteke down a dark alley way ! ! scared
The and are either incompetent or malicious . Either way , they made their fall guy . dumbanddumber
I have a glove that does n't fit right . MentalistThoughts
So payday loan and pawnshop , Cash America closed market today which began w Dow off 1089 points .... maddow
You know the creepy crowds in the Hunger Games ? America . Ninja . Warrior .
I basically had to sell my soul to the devil to make my FantasyBaseball playoffs and I 'm getting crushed by my Godson
guy tried to light a cig on the bus , sneezed/farted simultaneously , and is now 23 mins into a call with his 'girl ' about respect .
Is anyone surprised that a bachelor contestant is into staged wrestling ? BachelorInParadise
Dude spends literally all day harassing owner of TechRaptor and accuses us as being pro harassment .
It is terribly amusing that this is presented in a blog ( a social medium ) citing another 'major blog post ' .
Slovakia wants to limit refugees to Christians . What a Christian viewpoint .
nun of yall missed me though
So it 's OK for Cena to make fun of someone in his promos but if someone does it to him he gets all mad ? RAW
So president is talking green energy upstairs , and were performing for an American car company downstairs . LasVegas
Ha wow ironic whataretheodds
in·teg·ri·tyinˈteɡrədē/noun1.the quality of being honest and having strong moral principles ; moral uprightness.Honesty
It 's slightly ironic that I live in Washington now and over half of the t-shirts I own say Oregon
@ Walmart Indianapolis - US 31 S
Haha has only seen 3 lions on coins and notes - knows only of 3 lions . He preaches history !
Oxymoron - when an anti-theft wallet is a popular item to steal
Ever since I tried dieting I 've stopped caring about what I eat Ironic Pizza4Lyfe GiveMeYourCarbs Gainz FatFuck OopsIMeanBulking
First COAS went to Italy thn Britain Delegation cme to meet COAS now it 's Ch.Nisar 's turn .... Irony PackUp
These nighas be talking about life but they are lifeless ironic
The most popular song on the radio perpetuates a patriarchal society yet is performed by the embodiment of an empowered woman
The ones drafting and implementing a policy always stay unaffected by it .
My time hop 6 years ago says `` I 'm soooooo sick of people '' ironic
So Patels are showing strength to prove they are weak and deserve reservation .
When we are captured by the love and grace of God , we then experience more freedom then we can imagine .
Sod 's Law : You quit drinking and the birthday haul brings in this .
Transfer bus took 2 hours last night . Playing jamesblunt
Chris Carter needed a fall guy.ironic
Doing a Marxism reading while I 'm at work ... sigh .
Donald Trump - Son of an Immigrant
Wary of Medicaid overcharging , Gov . Scott orders hospital audits via - well that 's RICH ! ironic
When you make t-shirts for 5sos concert the night before the concert ironic
Lines from Alanis Morissette 's `` Ironic '' modified to actually make them ironic ironic music humor quotes
alert : Liberals furious over BruceJenner Halloween costumes LGBT SpiritHalloween
Corporations learning lessons from criminals . This has to be one of the most ironic articles I 've ever read !
Diamond & amp ; embroidery units in Surat to remain closed bcoz owners r participating in PatidarAnamatAndolan rally for Reservation
you were totes meant to make notes about things you are meant to be doing : P
One critical error pops up in Grammarly : I misspelled `` social Darwinism ''
Spot on ! And now that I 'm losing weight b/c I have no appetite I look better than ever .
Too lazy to buy a sprinkler so I hand water my yard
... was this while pResident was flying AF-1 to a Green convention ?
While flipping channels I came across an anti-bullying ad during a WWE commercial break .
Gotye only had one hit , which literally makes him somebody that you used to know
Only claim victory if the two parties are happy !
lol it 's literallyy one for me
Nothing like Rage against the machine to keep you focused at work ironic
( 2/2 ) Thanks for burning through 2 % of the remaining 20 % of my battery life !
The weeknd 's album drops this weekend but fr I ca n't be more excited
Who 's the pot ? Who 's the kettle ? irony immigration AnchorBabies lol gop democrats politics ugh
Did you know that Forrest Whittaker 's daughter got arrested for beating someone with a toy lightsaber ?
Updating our `` framework '' in the game is almost as bad as every update . gamedev indiedev madewithunity
Top Gear : The Best of Jeremy . On BBCA now .
Watching GA while I 'm in the hospital ironic
One of my biggest flaws ironic
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness . fact TeamFollowBack
Boston MBTA Green Line extension to cost up to $ 1 Billion more than projected Shocking ... ( via )
Yes . Thanks for pointing that out . ! ironic
Dk what 's possessed me to say the following but I feel like watching `` Unfriended '' .... ironic
what are the odds ? Ironic
blocked in China
`` Awkward : Donald Trump 's Menswear Line Is Made in Mexico '' ironic
`` I 'm feeling betrayed after all this '' -lying cheating , scumbag ashleymadison users .
| the of this song is ironic . those that know , know . meaning , the artists & amp ; labels involved…
Back in the day ..... and then they say we 're a progressive , non-backward society & amp ; nation . ironic
Charlotte 's leg is being torn apart like her dad and his friends used to do to their enemies . RAW 4Horsemen PCBvsTeamBella
On my way to Viejo and the song `` Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off '' comes on the radio . ironic margs
has a twitter feed ? dotheyseetheirony identitycrisis
Dr. Mull at Shannon is an orthopedic doc , so he fixes peoples knees . & amp ; he happened to slip today & amp ; fuck up his knee & amp ; needs surgery 💀
Whistleblower and HonestCop Charged With Misconduct , for leaking videos of police misconduct
As a father , try to support girl gamers . Checked out streamer this AM , greeted by rude follower . Taunted with 'bye felisha ' stupid
NOT TO FORGET NITISH , IT IS AN NOBODY WANTED A REAL WHOLESTIC DEVELOPMENT OF INDIA FROM 1947ONW- ALLOWED REG DISPARITY
Enjoy giving free haircuts with your salon training ? Enjoy this ironic humor . Click here :
A hippie music festival weekend for 490 dinars . Now I 've seen it all . DoesThePriceIncludeLSD
10 terrible facts about horses humor HorseLovers
Colin Fry had lung cancer ? I guess god was n't happy with what was coming out of his mouth while in front of the bereaved .
yet JoHo claims it 's our high taxes sending ppl offshore rather than their rubbish NBN
Our famous Chelsea buns are not actually available in Chelsea sorryChelsea
Heading to to evaluate exhibition about joy of trains . My train delayed by 40 mins so far . Ironic
It 's ironic that it took to slap the back to reality . Give up KStreet and be responsive to America.tcot tlot
Should be home writing , rather at this lecture ..
The is not lost on me . squaretime food pizza red banner flags branding…
We live in a country where a boy can stare at a girl publicly , but if a girl does , she 's `` do number type '' .
And the people who criticized him at the time , are the same that today publish pics of Francis Dolarhyde .
Mcilveen no I 'm watering . ironic
talking about Twitter ironic
so you thought you 'd promote the hashtag by retweeting it ?
The defintion of
. , am I the only one who has noticed how much religious people love complaining on the internet about Science ?
MONEYPLANT per BHI mONeY naHI HOTa ironic
Cab went past me in pouring rain with `` Westfield : We are the London Summer '' on it , with palm trees and flamingos 😒☔ englishsummer
Sensex news flased in mobile , within a jiffy low balance SMS from network operator .. What an
Do you remember when organic reach on Twitter was better and questions actually used to get answered by the crowd ?
quality oh the 😂epic fail
AI forecast by humans
I kept hoping If I Stay would get better , but it turned out to just be a waste of life
MobileFusion : Create 3D scans with your mobile phone $ MSFT uses an iPhone for this demo instead
Loving the Dismaland experience ! Thoroughly depressing so far Banksy
No idea at this point because for all their `` sharing '' talk they share nothing whatsoever with with their customers . More
Great social commentary , I looked through it at breakfast with my dad artsyfartsy
Centuries ago people were forced to come to the UK to make us rich . Now they want to come here to make themselves rich and we say no
Something told me to look at what 's trending and I absolutely know why now .
The overwhelming sense of depression in the wake reading StrongerThanTheRand tweets , is in fact StrongerThanTheRand
Ok Corbyn meets anti-semites and extremists and you call for balance by those reporting it .
Is it considered ironic if one of the things on your bucket list is watching the movie The Bucket List ? justasking ironic
Walking on land , Her hearts sinks into the infinite depths , Of the vast ocean , Through which she sails alone.irony shortpoem MadVerse
money is the motive to get the female😂😂😂 Ironic
So the BJP denied their incumbent in my ward a ticket and he ran as an independent and won . BBMPResults
Pain is a knowledge rushing through your head ... ironic said friend
people are protesting for Reservation by clicking selfie from their iPhone
i can gift you anything now but it becomes difficult to give it physically , especially on RakshaBandhan.Irony RememberTheTime
Out for lunch and got these spoons , but all I need is a knife ironic alanisproblems
haha , I 'm might try ! He 's my fav ! ! Btw , you were in my dream last night . ironic
jdcagle anti immigration policy in a country where most of the population are resident because of historical immigration . ironic
imagine winning the lottery & amp ; then losing it in the market ironic
I 'm going to write a book about the horrible luck that I have and then make millions off of it . ironic
Let 's have a moments silence for all those stuck in traffic , trying to get to the gym to ride stationary bicycles
I find out that TPG bought iiNet ( and by extension , Internode ) while I ’ m on hold with Telstra ordering my new Cable connection .
Individuals prove wrong the solipsistic tendencies of the online community . PowerOfTheInternet
R these the same people sobbing about ER being chased off Twitter ? LackOfSelfAwarenessRunsDeep
I could make Locals day , as I work for a living ... but now im trying to get Dismaland tickets and the website is just dismal ..
Taking one semester off of college to focus on acting , and the first role I book is a college student . 😏💃🎥ironic offtoATL MTV
Is it ironic yet to tweet a pic of your coffee with your name misspelled on it coffee comedy ironic
Affected with one 's behavior , thinking of insulting ppl is a right thing to , and claim it as a `` hanya ingin menegur ke jalan Allah ''
Quack chiro had wisdom teeth stolen by dentist ; warns others to be wary of profiteering health professionals !
like Madonna !
blackmonday should have been called redmonday since red means a loss and black means a profit in finance/accounting/business .
is when you1 . Fall in love2 . Marry a rude lover nicknamed `` the monkey '' 3 . Seek a rude beauty4 . Get dumped for acting like a drunk
Sport you could n't write the script ! ! ironic
LMAOOOOOO this was my 100,000th tweet !
but u hv nukes .... No doubt but bigger mouth too ...
Says someone who has the cheek to talk shit directly when turning back dares to say morals . Ironic much ? irony morals disgust attitude
The London Mayor Contenders . UKIP without a doubt the most diverse and best quality LGBT UKIP London
What 's the name of the song on 's hold music that says `` wake up , get out of bed , stop wasting time '' ?
We used to have imaginary friends , nowadays thanks to Facebook we imagine we have friends Ironic
No sure . It will negatively impact local people . But will benefit those in power . The joys of classic capitalism.ironic
The of life ......
Yass the sevcobot just RT 'd a zombie for using sevco in a chat with me
Some people waste way too much time wishing they had more clients while they 're wasting time . entrepreneur keepdoingnothing
the agents of peace create the machines of war Avengers
Windmill part 4 cloudy windy pumpy lookingup
i love this Ironic couple ! ! ! ! fantastic ! ! ! hishouseofcards hishouseofcards 👏🏻💯🔝🕝✔️👊🏻 ! ! ! ! !
Is it ironic to tweet calling for COIN2015 delegates to put devices aside and be present ? imagineco thinktank
I seem to mainly be researching PLAY & amp ; SLEEP at the mo . 24hourlondon childhoodsos
Did n't Ed give a rousing opening speech for the other day ? canpoli
The GOP loves to complain about illegal immigrants , yet the business community loves cheap immigrant labor .
a girl whose nightlife is spend on Twitter , is being followed by ..
Oh , your over-correction is a big HIMYM fan . ironic
When your peace committee ends up beheading alleged militants
i think that 's btw , i 'm not 100 % sure
“ : China is using free market principles right now ... US is halting stocks lmao Ironic ” Enforcement ironic
Does n't make sense though how the one writing workshop I have has less deadlines than any other class . ironic
I immediately noticed something wrong after being dropped horizontally onto a well placed knee in my shoulders aka a Backbreaker . Ha .
Sitting in my nutrition lecture while drinking Mountain Dew .
Thank You ISIS for the low gas prices
China is using free market principles right now ... US is halting stocks lmao Ironic
yes i got it the first time when you said `` that 's what happens if people do n't listen . '' ironic
Why Are We so Distracted All the Time ? whatireadtodaywhileworking
Someone in front of me on the train has 'Sensible Head ' tattooed on his neck ... Alright then mate
... says the man VIA SOCIAL MEDIA 😁
The planning and creation of digital products/services is surprisingly ... Analog . ironic brainstorm…
PML-N is saying PTI destroying national institution while thay themselves doing anti IK presser using PID forum .
ironyNote : This comes from a non-Ashley Madison customer .
Latest from
WE ALL JUST A BUNCH OF NEGROES ......................... IRONY
Just saw two people wearing t-shirts that read `` Same is Lame '' ......
only the capitalist free market can generate enough wealth to support pseudo-intellectuals to theorise about socialism
Safari guard killed by a lion ... in the same park in Zimbabwe where CecilTheLion once lived .
Patels seeking reservation in Gujarat use their own StatueOfUnity SardarPatel 's masks to divide society
Are you expecting consistency and intellectual honesty from the Republicans ? hypocrisy GOPfailure PartyOfNo
One patel ( HardikPatel ) is demanding reservations n other patel Anandibenpatel is the Chief Minister ( Top most patel of Gujarat )
getting punched in the face at an REM show in 1986 and called a faggot .
Ashley Madison exec reportedly hacked a competitor
The positive of illegal fishing vessels being strategically sunk to create new dive sites and ecosystems smug face ☺️🐬🐠 scuba
Bicep and back day . pythons ironic
I bought a new umbrella . Expect sun for the next few weeks
They say `` If you can make a burd laugh you can make her drap her drawers `` I need to drap ma drawers to make a burd laugh
The truth is , I 've never even bosched an eccie . ironic eccies ectoplasm swedgers sweeties beans
deffo not psychologically ready for round two on psychology
A 21 year old should fight against caste based reservation . Rather he 's rallying people for it . CharchaOnReservation
People who drive around with those baby on board things in their cars are always the head cases who drive fuckin mad ironic
loved the of your piece on lack of media attention while defining him as a `` one note candidate '' . Facepalm
it 's said , Taliban apologist Indian 'journo ' , once reported from Kabul : Islamist regime not profile Hindus/Sikhs
Mr . Truth : TV Holmes drama openly junkyphobic , spreads hate vs PWID . Mr Irony : Ah u missd subtle 8.48
Sad - Safari guide killed by lion in Zimbabwe park that was home to Cecil
I finally got my internet fixed ! Yay ! Now my break is over and I have to go back to the place where there 's no reception . Lol !
Eric Pickles : Petition calling Benjamin Netanyahu 's arrest is absurd ' - via real pickle
Kind of Ironic ..... faceOff facelift
One Patel is known for politically uniting India.And here 's one trying to break India with caste politics !
Listening to the sound of drilling and new construction in the waiting room of the headache doctor . 358days stoptheinsanity
they are n't though . They have an opinion and stick to it . You do realise you are moaning about them ? plus we have 35 shows
It 's always entertaining when Trump calls somebody else out on saying something stupid .
People who subtweet bore me shitless ...
Jack has brought me back to the world of the living thus morning lol coffeelove
Professional gamers looking for freebie beta codes ..
Calliste rue is also in hunger games ironic ornot
are they making him provide a long form birth certificate ?
Haha ye and was Terry Hurlock not his opposition ?
When someone reblogs a post thinking they are making a commentary yet do n't realise everything in the post actually applies to them
lolzz now you will tell us how to win a war ? ? ?
clown themed party
when you see those construction workers take off their dust masks so they can have a quick smoke
hoping I can get a s/o 4 My baby Adia Kuinn stillborn 8/30/2004 iaamtaa we are born innocent
PregaSure and Manforce condom hoardings side by side on the Bandra SkyWalk.Oh the 😂😛
Windows95 was 20 yesterday . Truly scary Dad dancing from Balmer & amp ; Gates @ launch event To stop , press Start ironic
My morning thoughts.irony humor ifightlikeagirl plannedparenthood prolife prochoice cancer tnbc
Being late to a ribbon cutting for a parking garage because you ca n't find parking.irony
Dang , looks pretty good in her leather Mistress Dominatrix outfit ! 😇 Ironic
The Eagles ' `` Peaceful Easy Feeling '' makes me want to punch a wall .
The radio is playing `` Do You Really Want to Hurt Me ? ''
Why is getting the novacaine shot the worst/most painful part of getting cavities filled ? ironic
Today I am carrying out socialmedia training
Blaming an entire religion for the problems of a nation is what the Nazis did .
Jealous I did n't get to see alanismorissette taylorswift duo perform yououghtaknow but did rock the tune at karaoke last night ironic
Totally disheartened reading AWFUL tweets directed . So many seem to be kids . One has rainbow flag pic lgbt diversity
My phone went from 50 % charge to dead in an hour . Turns out my battery saver app got stuck and sucked the battery dry .
Missed today 's episode of DyareDil in KhapluPalace ironic
Days after the NYT expose , I fell victim to ... 's evil corporate culture due to a 3 mos long secretive scheme to get rid of me .
Has anyone noticed we 're wanting CelticFC to concede a lot of goals so we can buy their CB ? SaintsFC DefensiveFrailty
wow , JC only 1 of labourleadership candidates who even attempted to stop tories attacking welfarestate
Was thinking I needed to add a weighted vest for box jumps and immediately fell and busted my shin on the box .
With CurtSchilling & amp ; fans comparing Muslims to Nazis - Nazis were racial profilers , which is same thing these folks are doing now .
Go Rancho Carne High School ! ! ironic porn
Life . ironic motivation goodvibes
Awe : - ( whittle getting picked on by the bully monster ( ) Foxnews helped create . RogerAiles meet .
Here 's a thought : in case of win , hand the cash over to your spouses as compensation . Ashley Madison sued
MH17 DAY406 : Ukraine has solved the MH17 case . of course
Remember Celtic laughing their heads off at this ?
When the man handing you an Rx for 360 oxycodone 30s is wearing a DARE shirt fail pharmacyprobs
Wonders if US based Fast Ent is developing an app for the IRD to charge tax on overseas goods & amp ; services
Too soon ? Nahhhhh 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 check out the shirt 😂😂😂😂😂
oh shit using the same insults as me now , your mom would be so proud
2 months later Kills someone drunk driving .
Exactly , yet people celebrated the biggest spongers out getting married using millions of taxpayers money .
fans throwing the racism card blimey their players are like a walking fucking UKIP rally ironic
Is this the same part of shale license consortium issued last week ? Surely just as bad leaveitintheground ?
So as im leaving the HighSchool today .. I 'm singing `` my way '' to myself and then when I get outside , I hear the band playing it😂 ironic
The biggest knowledge for u to knw oneself
Pres Clinton pardoned CIA director John Deutch for the crime of mishandling government secrets , storing them on his personal machines
When your sister is ashamed of you 😂😂 yolo sister
Us hipsters hear the difference between 45 + 33 rpm but still post mono audio on social media , keeping it ironic
On this night Flores goes out in league cup whilst Jokanovic qualifies for champions league group stage WatfordObs
Is it weird that I write pop-punk songs from my perspective as a dad ?
Twitter now has a longer list of settings than Facebook ironic
the guy who blocks everybody calls you a pussy for blocking him ironic
But not the minister of education ... I love
The poor walk miles to get food . The rich walk miles to digest food . life
2 players who have not scored 4 me n cost me over 800 bar when I backed em have both scored tonight against clubs I 've got in my bet ironic
The very thing designed to keep art viewers at a distance causes boy to trip and punch hole in painting :
Divergence led to convergence
the troll doesnt like to get trolled
Not working next Tuesday night so looked to see if Dunston are playing . They 're away at West Auckland 😂😂
Just cleaning out the new works pick up which I bought via the liquidators . Found this under the seat . 😂
Only thing getting me through this week is Saturday godbless
Not that reading Judith Butler and trying to distinguish between New Historicism and Cultural Materialism were n't fun too , of course .
Somehow overwhelmed by text on blogs writing about the important of visual content for SEO .
Is Grabban ther new RVW hate man ? ironic ncfc
Aww 2 years ago .
Guy with `` Safe Streets '' logo on his car cut in front of someone on the highway , nearly causing a collision .
Meeting the man of your dreams then meeting his beautiful wife ironic
Person A : `` trans ppl are disgusting.i hate them '' Person B : `` there are trans ppl who hate u b/c ur cis '' Person A : `` That 's not fair ! ! ''
Wish a character wld say to that Rob might be not all he seems so she cld say no thearchers .
great that he 's got time to mince around with old Commies ... While the rest of us work hard ...
Because this world is nothing without
When married Karma : , , & amp ; YOU built & amp ; own the HATE , MISOGYNY , RACISM , & amp ; GREED 'BASE . '
Man with t-shirt slogan equating lower taxes with freedom thanks govt-funded firefighters for saving his home .
Perfect toast to the first day on a great new job : ) - Drinking a Ruination Double IPA 2.0 -
Straw KS Damn ! Millions of emails missing ? GOPfailure Hypocrisy
I love when Twitter does n't notify me about Caterina ' a tweets 😠
I am not sure what are you trying to prove ? The display surely is n't for the greater good .
Just sold a bottle of coke to a guy in a nice suit with gold rings and a fight club tote bag ironic
Vinokourov `` Fair play in cycling is in the past '' Apparently said without any at all ! doper cheats
I got a coupon for chocolate with my diabetes meds again .
Schilling suspended by same network that looked other way covering Penn State/Sandusky case . ironic
First Shooting Stars cancelled , now House of Fools . must be run by people without a sense of humour .
some of God 's greatest gifts are unanswered prayers🎶 garthbrooks ironic
lol I started watching it at desk ironic pleasemoveintonorthsoon
So the argument here is `` screw the constitution ? ! '' defined .
Found this bite-sized summary of Hamlet online . it 's to the point , unlike Hamlet ! shakespeare
he went to a fancy dress as fat bastard off Austin powers haha ironic
SolveMyProblemsIn4Words Learn what means .
The word `` autocorrect '' does n't autocorrect on my phone .
slating FF about conduct on , the man who accused of lying down to
Women cheering for Tiger Woods is akin to illegal immigrants cheering for Donald Trump . amazed
Argh ! I have to re-tie my shoes ? ? Stupid TSA , making air travel a little safer ! That one 's for you , ; ... irony
Dow falls more in half of todayThan it did all day Monday - MarketWatch ToldYouSoTuesday CCOT TCOT Ironic 15 '' 666 ''
Sorry , Quaid . We still have a long way to go before we are counted amongst the greatest nations of the world . Even after 65 years ! : /
Ur insistance that I give my Pastafarianism is ironic , on basis dat `` u know '' it 's made up considering xianity is too .
This Mark Bailey thing is part of the `` patriot '' movement yet seems to have much in common with ISIS .
Hey cat okay that sounds like a pain ! ironic
Two women running for NDP in Avalon after Mulcair-Harper team up to cancel the only women 's nlndp nlpoli
. Brewster Was the guy who cut billions from social transfers and gut social programs standing next to him at the time ?
The more you call a `` bimbo '' , the more you prove she was right . foxnews WTFiswrongwithyou
Remember , kids : if you want to be a socialmedia thinkfluencer , use lots of ironic hashtags .
guys this is goals right here !
Here I am watching ask the dusk when I miss the q & amp ; a where Idina said that her favorite role is Vera .
Chris Sutton taking about people taking trash
That email came 10 months after 36th bday , only had aerial climb left . IFD WasntMeantToBe
After a recent vacation , President Obama burnt 25,000 gallons of jet fuel by flying to Vegas to give a speech on climate change
So I got my tempered glass screen protectors in the mail the day after my screen broke Ironic
Only in America . Lawsuits because you were lied to and cheated out of $ $ paid to cover that you lied and cheated . AshleyMadison
Silly teabaggers ... irony tcot tlot
Even though I work at a school .
It 's extremely ironic that I was just listening to and said that injuries will dictate where 31 plays .
blasting US companies for moving factories to Mexico , his clothing label produced in Mexico . hypocrisy comedy
As I much as I do n't like rain I still want to play in it . ironic
And that reality would be hiding behind anonymous twitter accounts ? ? lol
Ehmmm there 's more Latinos than just Mexicans lol but okkk ironic
And all long time WWE-fans can tell that had tons of personality .
Ted Cruz Plots Govt Shutdown ovr PlannedParenthood A convo about my vagina shows how small a man 's penis is .
No girls are allowed to ride my auto rickshaw ; lessons learnt from Jasleen Kaur drama ! 😝 😝 😝 😝 misuse
I just find it hypocritical how he wants 2 deport immigrants whn this country was founded by immigrants.So he 's an immigrant himself .
And half of the world starves ! 😂😂😂😂
OH : `` I 've never stolen a God damn thing in my life . I 'm a Christian woman ! ''
When you play the trumpet part in a song and the trumpets play the singing voice awkward ironic marchingbandprobs
The flowers you picked me started dying as soon as our relationship did
Talk about thinking outside the box while using a box ... Ironic SportsBiz social4tixsales
Tonight at dinner I amusingly answered the phone with `` Ahoy ! '' . I kid you not - it was the US Navy Recruiter ironic
IronyDonaldTrumpLooks good on you
I just paid off my credit card and nothing would make me happier than some new dresses and lipsticks .
And now Fox News has created hate for voters on the right . all these years , and it back fired in their face with Trump . lol
There is a third option . Take your chances , get cancer , and fight like hell to survive . GreysAnatomy izziestevens
I literally live for the killers
I 'm pretty sure I never felt as judgmental about other 's workouts before I joined planet fitness ironic
Every time I turn on the Delilah station on I Heart Radio , I hear the song “ Iris . ”
Eating PB & amp ; J while watching a cooking competition show .
And the screen is broken ! Can this night get any better ? ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! FML
How Ironic that we Visit those who have passed , yet Ignore them in Life ! ! TakenForGranted AppreciateWhatYouHave ShowLoveNow
While prepping my hair for color , I found more white hairs .
Dear - please make the acquaintance of a little thing we call Karma . ironic
`` Kisanna Vipler '' Irony ! - Camden Town , London , United Kingdom.irony camdentown london…
On hold with for a Win10 activation issue , hold music is all ads for Win10 .
Trump is a product of 71/2 yrs of hate spewed bye Fox News that has come to life.These voters of Trump are Fox'sViewers Mad
my realization that god does n't exist came to me durin a youth group meeting LOLirony
In order to work I needed to pass a drug test . My boss just pissed in the cup for me . GoodLooks
I love this . sandman
english teacher complains that we do n't know how to speak English correctly but she says `` e-stupid '' ironic
LALATE ... TOMORROW ... Huge Exclusive on RHOA . You wo n't want to miss this . SMH HereWeGo
Does realize that she and her colleagues at are responsible for creating all of this LOVE for ?
my weed dealer is a prison guard now .
Ca n't stop playing Jagged Little Pill since shot her meditation room for sept issue . College flashbacks ! ironic
I did n't know that sexabusechat I wish I could say ironic but it is n't . ....
Sitting in Anaheim watching the Tigers play the Angles in Detroit BWW
you must yourself eric , `` why are all my twit friends nerds , cat people , and ugly drug addicts ? ''
.... holy % + ? SHIT this is literally the best most ironic thing I have ever seen 😂 SoMuchYes
PublicMorals a tv show about NY is playing dirty water.lol This show has to be written by a RedSox fan
Do we detect a very slight breakdown of the scientific method here ? Just a teeny one ? irony
Cris Carter just became the fall guy BulletProofLeague
not to forget how they abused a women to defend selfiewithdaughter ..... ( 2
5 years later and I 'm dating the biggest scrub around Boylan26 😘😉
now , did you really mean and autocorrect changed it from to irony… I mean… Irony… dammit ! StupidAutocorrect 😠
How long until the press realizes they are helping Trump with their antics more than hurting him ?
Getting the girl your cheating w/ a job @ your cheating website , how ironic of you Noel woops
Beltre up to bat
Popular Download Service μTorrent wants you to pay for its Software via Security
Sometimes those who have less give more . Love RealPeople
I do n't understand how Jimmy Fallon goes from one of the greatest house bands in the world to Seth Meyers who has one of the worst . ironic
o really ? ? seriously ?
So naturally , on the day we 're leaving Pembrokeshire , it 's blazing sunshine after a solid week of rain
We sitting in our boring jobs/lives are advising John Stones on his career .
bittersweet ironic magnificent beautiful italy rome @ Colosseum
As a teen I had crushes on older celebs and whined about them being too old ; now I would be too old for them . thirtysomething
you got RunDMC and your telling us our rb will be hurt ? Ironic
Oops I ordered desert . Pumpkin pie . nofilter nocarbs gayskiweek thatsallfolks really…
Feelin it ! WeStandTogether Trump2016 madeinmexico feelthebern
find it ironic given that you as a company own a strategic stake in that paper is required
The article looked great online ! Why did we get relegated ? womensport
. Wait , what was your actual point ? thy name is Jesse
Lion kills guide in Zimbabwe park where Cecil lived soc src=mediacontentstory & amp ; soc trk=tw via
Stimulus hating Republican economists call for a new massive stimulus plan by the Chinese government .
Randomly found three applauzi bikinis never worn from last decade . Just yesterday I ordered two swimsuits from americanapparel ironic
is drawing a tree on a piece of paper and is being knowledgeable enough to know ignorance is bliss .
Ironic , Wks ago U called Trump a Clown-then called him a Stripper U cant take Home 4 Thanksgiving & gt ; Now Hes a viable Candidate ?
Good job doing story on someone being found dead in an then cut to Uber can pick you up at the airport .
No no no no - yr mistaken . It 's a `` mass movement ''
so now she is acting acting ? Very interesting
just died after reading this ! ! !
fail : USA to send 3 B-2 bombers to Guam amid Korea tensions :
in the morning ! Keep clear , it says ! I guess not ! ! WTF
`` Real Simple '' , the most antithetically titled magazine known to man . realsimple magazines mathematicalphysics
`` What about that book where daughters have sex with their drunk father ? '' Oh , that one 's fine .
Thank you for catching ! : ) The things I fear will not are actually the things I should hope will not be - read .
Working on Number 4 - whilst watching IAmNumber4 - The 😁😏😋
wtf I just watch that today Ironic
and people were `` comfortable '' passing info to IRA , is that ok ,
Preparing for class as an instructor is almost more complicated than preparing for class as a student ! ironic teacher
Halfords ‘ we fit ’ lorry gets stuck under bridge ironic via
That moment when you do n't need to work all night , but now ca n't fall asleep .
Patels in Gujarat Bandh showing strength , flexing muscles to snatch up benefits reserved for weaker sections .
I truly need some marijuana why is it always when im in a bad mood i ca n't smoke
The caption is even about BMW drivers thinking they 're above the law
society you 're doing it wrong ! even I love jim , I 'm a truly PhD far from 29M ! !
Oh snakes on a plane .
What ? ! A bit like saying , `` The Amish Way to Run a Successful Internet Startup . '' DoesntMakeSense
can not unite with his former wife is out preaching Kamba unity . ''
Lovin the 90 's , naughty threesome on ironic ; - )
Korea might not like Lion Heart but the world love it
Ailes Fox `` offended '' by Sexism after defending Bill OReilly from sex harassment charges by Fox producer .
is hard for the feeble minded . faith religion dragons atheism
On a 1st aid course but would n't mind if someone killed me right now
After 20 years like this one , there was Ironic 90
Just got asked to become a mentor ... I politely declined due to past experiences ironic thanksbutnothanks
Mark Powell thinks some hetero children might be 'victimised and intimidated ' if they do n't watch gaybybaby TheProjectTV tosser
Maybe I should just delete my Facebook or stay off all social media hmmm
There 's a typo in my tweet about a mistake I made when sleep deprived
When will the madness end ? ! donaldtrump trump bigot racist busted madeinmexico…
Yankees got their ASSes handed to them , by the Astros . Ironic ai n't it . Yankees Lose 15 to 1 .
So apparently you can get a lot of attention for your company WITHOUT featuring scantily clad young women ! Hey STICKIT ! ! ironic
Anyone else see the in DonaldTrump making a comment to another human being about their loyalty to ( a ) Univision ? jorgeramos
Brother .... yesterday a RAW agent was captured working as Police official .. Irony
Oh , the of needing your glasses to find your glasses ... notcool lasik
lou but neither the looks or the talent ironic
• eDMs 40x more effective than Facebook and Twitter combined IMDS15 digitalmarketing salmat
But of course this is going to happen ironic backtoschool
but that 's your issue , now you want people with info on other issues to give it to you and not authorities
Good to the see media outlets treating Colin Fry 's death with respect . He made his money through the desperation of grieving families
really ? Do you live in the middle age ? Earth spins around the Sun , did you know that ? or would you kill Galileo ?
are you watching Show Me a Hero ? Cop & gt ; Council & gt ; Mayor amidst housing federal mandate . IJS historyreplay
What if Kelsey Grammer is horrible at grammar ?
A . As a German , I found your tweet insensitive . B . Drop `` Gehrig '' from your handle U DONT DESERVE IT . PS He was German FYI
So many parents give kids devices just for dinner as a distraction . children ironic antisocial via
The of amount Robb in Robb Inhaler has grossly reduced
I 'm saying , only people to deal with it are proper authorities ... It 's that simple
So Baylor fans support the media when it favors them and immediately discredits the media when it does n't favor them . ironic
Says the Zionist who earlier called me a racist . That 's when you lost this argument
on the day you are discussing type 2 diabetes ? ironic
The surveillance state works both ways and good will always defeat evil .
concorde ! ! Is it now . of the day . cloudporn formations warmth
abc730 Please please please is this bloke going to mentor Abbott ? antithesis LARGE .
of tweeting about while reducing 's annual budget . JustSaying
Cant stand certain people at work who are always moaning about not knowing about or being told this or that . just listen .
Best media quote I have heard today - `` Britain is pretty digital eh '' ! And that came from 2 Americans writing on post it notes
is stark here ! !
I love irony ....
To say social & amp ; systemic change will require more than lost black lives is to say black lives DO N'T matter . BlackLivesMatter BLM
The signed just in time for NationalDogDay ironic
Oh how the tides have turned . Seems like just a few months ago you were the self appointed chief of the Twitter police
Ohhhhh the hypocrisy and donaldtrump you outsourcing xenophobe misogynist you ! ! ! …
Scott Teacher has become the student and then the teacher of the teacher ofthe student , who taught Teacher
= declaring searching for 15 min of fame re : Trump . Ramos has more viewers & amp ; followers . MSNBC fools
Republicans will say gun control advocates are `` using a tragedy '' when in fact THEY 'RE using it to pander to their gun nut base . WDBJ
TeamGB doing well at the worlds .... shame their government keeps getting disqualified
news coverage is appalling - making stuff up - CNN complaining that social media is putting out wrong info 😳
BTW , is it weird that I , Phat Jesus , attend a Catholic university ?
Ordered replacement door handles for the 'yota and was charged a `` handle-ing '' fee . ironic obvious funny
congress Sightseeing today ? Any good pics ? Luther Martin & amp ; a statue of Martin Luther , perhaps ? ironic iahr2015 iahr congress
It 's WomensEqualityDay & amp ; I had to trek all the way upstairs & amp ; then some to find a woman 's bathroom in the business building .
david brent has to do `` a change is gon na come '' to represent his struggles : ) equalitystreet
While mobile services disabled in devloped state of Gujarat for 24hours !
; ) BJP gains in polls after every riot , says Yale study
Yes , website that blocked me for too liberal comments complains of epistemic closure . :
According to a letter to the editor in the , writing a letter to the editor is the first sign of mental decay .
Woman - arrested for leaving dog in hot car - complains about heat in police cruiser . CanOCrazy
Keeping the over-promise in sharp focus . branding
One for the kids at college.HNC sounds very much like agency when spoken aloud .
Dewing lets just hope all parties have their seat belts on ! irony
also kinda ironic that today would be NationalDogDay ironic lmao
ECP wants to control Media but ca n't control their election commissioners to conduct elections as per law .
Going through the drive thru to get a bagel . ironic
Losing sleep to build my own bed frame is really what it 's all about . itis4am itislate orearly
Looking at this really dumb design right now & amp ; wondering why ? Who ? & amp ; What ? It was made to serve ? lol ! & amp ; the client was ? joke result
London weather is fantastic as always !
puncture UK AND I left loads of time to get to my interview ironic layby Atleastitsnotraining
I did notice that .
Gerry Kelly complaining about `` politicking '' and people `` creating a crisis '' ! !
Tory negative-ad '' the wrong guy can do a lot of damage ( to economy ) right now . '' What ? Like PMHarper 's affect on our $ & amp ; markets ? ironic PC
Ashley Madison calling out the bounty hunters .
The of WDBJ employees incident is spooky
Kovacevic adding fuel to the Vick fire : can you believe that today ( 8/26 ) is the annual National Dog Day ?
the bible is also the most shoplifted book . Ironic
... is probably something he would complain that trump is doing .
wow , so that 's the answers you were supposed to get about the Kokorin rumors ? Impressive work once again
I think I just really like you tbh ... ironic
Being ignored is so fun -.-
Too many irregularities and JC commission result was in favour of PMLN
U r 1 of d largest foreigner community in U.S. , drive BMW 's and Merc 's , r diamond merchants & amp ; want to b called BACKWARD Gujarat4Peace
Roadside recovery van broke down on way to help me ...... ironic sodslaw justmyluck
a Robinson glass truck with broken glass
Are there not enough people who would obey law ? Is silent majority on this issue so apathetic ? WarOnGunsIrony
For those of you complaining about Michael Vick coming to the Steelers , today is also National Dog Day .
First u claim reservation is causing harm to the society then u demand fr the same
The so called peoples club , sponsored by Qatar and UNICEF ironic
Hold the phone : guest on sez Trump 's immigrant Opa was a haircutter ? Hahahahahaha ! cantmakethistuffup
Surely if was serious about launching the McWhopper with 4 world peace day they 'd agree & amp ; launch together pr
Anti-gun tweeps already pre-emptively criticising NRA 's exploitation of journalist shooting .
Look what arrived as I was leaving for the dentists
when r u going to start making HouseCalls ? of needing Coffee so you can go get Coffee CaramelMacchiato Sleepyhead
If only they had armed the reporters with guns ..... whenwilltheylearn Two US TV journalists shot dead on air
Do we check sources anymore ? Great cartoon here . Thanks for sharing
Vick signs with steelers on NationalDogDay
And guess that is SOS ... Ironic LetsTalkHR
Please note how a deep commitment to and a complete absence of look exactly the same : canoe psa
is , 2 of the most Socio-Economically forward communities , have been asking for reservation as Socio-Economically Backward !
Off to Kelvedon Hatch nuclear bunker ( wearing a Godzilla tshirt )
Ooooh ironyoflife xD pintura ohirony oxido
Safest bet . Well done . I deleted my windows.old directory after I installed 10 - numbskull
w/ science and reason rather than conspiracy theories saying everyone wants you to believe the lie ( )
its like meeting the man of my dreams meeting his beautiful husband Ironic JaggedLittlePill
Lady who could have faced same fate in Khap culture ( child before marriage ) acted like Khap.Sheena
Advertising the truth ... ironic
Phone died while plugged in last night . Woke up 22 minutes late bc in my dream I was hit by a Disney bus in London . POSphone wtf
The struggle of making your first tweet .
was attempting to cut in line , much like the illegals he was asking about .....
Haaahahahaha best headline ever ! Wonga declares £37.3m loss after accidentally borrowing a fiver from itself :
If you want to know what is buy women 's magazine and check , you will find one in every other page ... Feminism Fitness Food Beauty
Trump deports belligerent from presser , who is allowed to come back in when he agrees to follow the rules .
Man came down from the tree , then he cut the tree down
Why go to Pakistan , when we have many well wishers for this in our nation !
... Moyes utilised Fellaini as a forward alongside Cahill yrs ago & amp ; his signing of Mata has been one of Utd 's best of late
wo n't install on my Fire Phone .
Thanks Pedram for the hat ! I added a radiohead patch for extra
Lol wrong ! we dgaf 😊irony : /
In an article on voice commands : `` The accuracy of speed recognition is just one reason more people are using it . ''
Sometimes my feed is hilarious .
Sad , sad . . .I have to euthanize my cat on NationalDogDay RIP Princess Leia - you will be missed 😫
Fascinating that a dishonest , corrupt `` journalist '' and theocratic fascists are the victims here !
Lol eating lunch alone and this is what my fortune cookie says
Find it hilarious that users on ashleymadsion are pissed that their information got leaked .. felt they were betrayed
met KevinDavies today . A nice man .. Just before the BoltonvsBlackburn match !
Just listed : vintage 80s sweatshirt world 's coolest AUNT shiny gold wtf family raglan teal : etsy
this is fucking classic
Christians who 😢 global Islamic population growth should 😢 their efforts ⤴️ women 's rights and access to birthcontrol tcot p2 ironic
Oh you 're so good at copying the layout and the icon from another person , good job !
The same people who supported courts decision to hang Yakub memon now question courts decision for Sanjay Dutt 's parole sanjaydutt
... words he advocated `` A preservation of national integrity is impossible except by a preservation of racial purity ... '' Ironic to
Comfort filed a false DMCA claim and yet evangelicals like himself claim that they 're `` falsely prosecuted '' ironic
Haha ! Send that tweet to
Splendid . H/T UK : NASE has not paid the consultant who runs this account , so no service for the time being ... ironic
I love how social media is in a significantly less portion of my life at college ironic
The poor walk miles to get food . The rich walk miles to digest food . Life
Will help to re-home 100s of great staff that lose their homes as a result of job losses ?
Bryce Williams interviewing gun advocates in Virginia .
Today I was called a weirdnigga by LOL .... the tweet was favorited by 5 white folks
You retweeted that ?
is a workshop on social media and no one can access the wifi . RedmondEMS15
That 's what you 're doing .
and for clarification here the tweet tht has been posted frm this account n heres the header.Irony
When the kids need u , u are busy travelling to `` provide '' for themWhen you need ur kids , they get busy `` providing '' for their kidsIrony
One of those days where I get `` schooled '' on facebook by white Albertans about how greedy natives are .
This man is going to the hospital after releasing filth & amp ; those drs . are sworn to try everything possible to save him . WDBJ
talking about 'doing something bigger ' than idea for peace day is petty and sanctimonious ironic is n't it oops
A 22 year old , leading lacs of people for caste base quota system . Where as millions of us youngsters feel its redundantirony sad
Got to giggle at United fans who write `` Dee 's are in there beds '' yet Dundee fans are `` mongols '' ...
Honeydew was served during the BoJackHorseman table read today .
I wear shirts that say run but do n't . runningsucks noknees…
All I can say is is absolutely amazing ! ! ! ! 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 britainisgreat banksy art current controversial real
So I saw a literal white rabbit in front of my house this morning . Did n't follow it because I was late for work ... notanalice
The outrage when someone out Chelsea 's Chelsea .
Not one guy uses joggers to jog and not one girl uses yoga pants for yoga Ironic EnglishWord
Honored to hang w Sheriff Bob Braudis
PTI 's overwhelming on ET 's decision is quite hilarious.Decision was based on irregularities found in election not on rigging.Irony
Remember that time a guy danced with me to `` No Scrubs '' and I was like , `` No I do n't want your number . No I do n't wannagive you mine . ''
Vick yesterday National Dog Day today ... ironic
versus the stream.Ready ? FIGHT ! ! ! ! destinythegame
So how do BlackLivesMatter explain this guy killing the reporter ? Thought black people were n't racist . ironic
Bloddy 2RsPeopleScrewed up Losers lecture on SuccessIrony Hypocrisy
I find it hilarious that everyone wanted a change , now they have it , they 're moaning we will go down ! 😂
Callers on Political Programs : `` Omo Igbo started the Civil War '' .
I guess this is the most efficient way to resolve issues… 2/2
sure is even when I can see and hear him and know we 've had lifetimes 2gether b4 and will again
I just stood up and saw this . ironic
School does n't want alcohol problems , but they gave us our program booklet in which they explain how to buy beer & amp ; wine in France 😂 ironic
Every time a white person says 'get out of my country ' there 's a Native American out there lookin ' like this
Now playing AlanisMorissette - Ironic ELO Forever Classic Hits
Went to Dismaland today gutted It was completely SOLD OUT ! ! `` Looked shit anyway ``
How many players are out of RMA ! Ironically , LORD is still untouched . Just Lord things ... beast
I find it ironic that NationalDogDay & amp ; WomensEqualityDay are on the same day .
Gov . R. Scott requests audits for 98 FL hospitals ironic that it 's R. Scott who ran HCA into compliance trouble
Inspires another nut to do the same .
Watson The fact that you are calling anyone else an idiot just made my day .
No talk about declining economy , devalued currency , Latest report by PEW.Now PMLN is shifting public attention towards Elections.irony
ink Retard ? ? Are you really so f kin dumb ? moron
It 's funny how the same women who rally against objectification of women pick up guys based on their height and muscular built .
Did the sign Michael Vick on NationalDogDay ?
Is it planned that graffiti artist Banksy 's Dismaland bans spray paint and has a Gift shop ?
The main people who bragged about not going to lone star because it 's for `` dumbasses '' are the MAIN ONES AT THE SCHOOL ironic
Yeah , and is n't it irritating that their Twitter is ATT CARES ! ? ! ? ! ironic
wait ... today is WomensEqualityDay and NationalDogDay ? ! aint that a bitch . women dogs equality sad
Looking at Porngate stuff & amp ; realizing of Twitter accts . I 've been blocked from viewing 4 complaining about PA corruption for 3 yrs
Turns out the 1st stage was 'missing ' Ironic - The 7 stages of naming by [ blog ]
Monday lunch date wants to pick me.Me : Hmm , not good personal safetyHim : sends pictures of his porscheMe : Oh balls dating
The life of a butterfly is the definition of thinkaboutit ironic wtf
'What does it profit a man to gain the whole world but lose his soul ' WBA
At a lunch on relevance and lead management . For b2b . Which is n't relevant to me . Might skip dessert .
by Susan Evans - a poem about activism via
Alanis thinks this is ironic probably
The Great Dane hails from Germany , not Denmark . NationalDogDay
No we 're through to the champs lge proper we can get on with signing Neymar , Muller and Bale ! mugs
It 's always deranged liberals with a gun shooting places up and it 's the same deranged liberals trying to eradicate our 2A rights . Ironic
If any other nation had such problems with gun violence , corruption and invaded so many other countries , the US would take them out
It 's not really NationalWomensEqualityDay AND NationalDogDay is it ? What asshole decided that ? NationalBitchesDay notcool
Cardinale And yes i was right the first time . you were advocating segregationirony
Michael Vick signed a one year contract with the Steelers on NationalDogDay ...
you followed me last night and I was behind your truck today ! capitolhill
One of my Hispanic friends just posted a pro Donald Trump fb picture areyoufuckingkiddingme.jpeg
Did anyone else notice that michaelvick got his job back on NationalDogDay ? I want his PR agent . SteelerNation
Mike Vick getting signed to Pittsburg on national dog day lol NFL keep gettin dem checks doe
. NDTV showing personal pics & amp ; relationships of IndraniMukherjea on 1/2 screen & amp ; other 1/2 lecture on media ethics . just died !
Mike Vick signed on National Dog Day ? ? Come on you could n't wait one more day ?
WOOHOO ! Birthday ! teenwolf dogdayandbirthday
`` ... so has not healed anyone nor built a dispensary ? ? ? '' ~ of a doctor
I do n't have dogs . nationaldogday cats
Working out slapstick routine for deathofaclown next to a graveyard
See that 's what I 'm saying ... why was my first impulse to tweet about it instead of seeing of those people were ok ?
Michael Vick signed on NationalDogDay
He 's been gaining it back for a while now .
Why does every nigga jiggin with the same hairstyle . The most selfish generation , yet no sense of self .
Is the in Alanis Morisette 's track , 'Ironic ' , that there 's actually no real examples of in it ? Is that it ? ironic
Hell yes . Called this shit back in 2012 . The tastes like Verve YPR
If I do n't get my bank card soon I 'll have saved the best part of a grand by having my purse robbed nice
while d world forges ahead in the name of development , some harDIK persuades lakhs of patels to become members of `` अन्य पिछड़ा वर्ग ''
problem there is Smithfield is the only U.S. Company that is certified to ship to China ironic
Today- My cat died.On NationalDogDay Seriously . ironic
DUP trying to lecture the electorate on hypocrisy
Vick makes his debut in practice on NationalDogDay Ironic
Just knew about BryceWilliams and the VirginiaShooting . Well , keep selling guns . GodBlessAmerica Ironic May them rest in peace : (
Noticed that a lot of elitist super classist kids are all into folk music and Bob Dylan . Camouflage perhaps ? Ironic
A person who 's a smoker advises another person about a chocolate which is bad according to him since it contains too much sugar .
and ignore the we 're ... auto spell ! !
Mike Vick , who ranks shockingly high among best current NFL QBs , signed w/the steelers on NationalDogDay
“ : stop making unsubstantiated statements . ” The meter just exploded
that work meeting that was making me tense has been cancelled
Khelz waiting like it 's a black friday sale .
Congrats R'ville 0636 . Safe environment for cust and Associates . No one cut themselves while getting cake .
People say they dislike fake but criticize me for being chubby . Is it me or it smells like stupidity over here ? Ironic
Watching bake off whilst shopping for gym wear ironic
exposing nerds nonetheless . Funny about hackers , they expose private info , but are desperate to stay private nonuts
Watching longlostfamily some people long to know their family while others who have family do n't want to see them ironic familydispute
harrypotter is on right now lol
not lost here 's a mountain of a man `` public safety and mental health are my beats '' the world needs more of you sir
I just saw a sign that read `` No signs allowed ''
if you 're going to spout patriotism with a 🇺🇸 on your truck use one that is n't torn , tattered and faded . justsayin
88 : Working at an ad firm complaining about the ads showing before my YouTube video . This is my life .
I always find it interesting when the `` loners '' hang out together . bettertogether
So , you want to come together for peace by killing more animals . youredoingitwrong vegan vegetarian
What if you stop paying your Rogers Bill ?
Video Games cause violence , CNN are claiming in between their 287th and 288th repeat of the footage of todays real life shooting .
national dog day & amp ; national burger day .... not that I 'm inferring anything but if this is world wide , we 'll just saying coincidence
BillClinton upset because Hillary is being mistreated by a man she trusted . ~ Oh the
Michael Vick signed on Nation Dog Day ... ironic oops
Hammer Museum sponsored by the state dep sends envoy of white saviors to save the heritage of a country their gov has destroyed !
Anybody else find is ironic that Caitlyn Jennner is getting charged with 'Manslaughter ' ? CaitlynJenner
Old established Socialist is mad at a bureaucracy he helped grow .
funny you accuse me of 'listening to propaganda ' then point me to a right-wing British newspaper to set me straight . ironic
If this is n't I do n't know what is ... trying to call because my phone wo n't work & amp ; CallFailed
And Tahir-ul-Qadri still have got the guts to take all the credit of tribunal verdicts even though he had nothing to do with it .
These two stories side by side . 😶 Kill me .
Just got the first OSX `` bluescreen '' I 've ever had in 7 years , and it was due to a Microsoft Outlook glitch .
I find it very ironic that to renew my Notary Commission , I have to have another Notary sign my renewal form . dumbthings
I find it ironic that MrRobot ( a TV show that is about all that is wrong with society and one extreme way of ...
Then they ask why I am an asshole or do n't do shit for them
michael vick signing on national dog day ? much ?
complaining about lack of face to face interaction on social media =
What are eamples of verbal in animal farm ? Find the answers here : eamples animal verbal
`` If there is a hell , Rome is built over it . '' -Martin Luther Reformation
Instead of looking at our phones why do n't we look at nature deepcaption sony camera…
Some commentator get orgasm when they can prove that one indian state has failed gujarat
Today is National Dog Day and Women 's Equality Day
PlanetFitness Where nobody is judged except lunks . Weight-dropping , gallon-jugging , grotesquely caricatured grunting lunks . Pumping
Silly ...... Ironic Ironical Silly
All these people suing Ashley Madison cause they feel betrayed loll ironic 🙊
Its funny Draymond Green talkin bout Whitesides scorin ... like he wasnt left UNCOVERED the entire NBAFinals
Racist black guy shot two white TV station employees because he was tired of racist white people
Book12 Not a Drop to Drink . Kid rating 6/10 . Photo taken on shore of Lake Superior FlatStanleyReadingRecord ironic
Apparently , his mother was from Scotland !
Radio show : 1950 's as Podcast : 2010s funny how things change , but do n't . perspective
Steelers signed contract with Vick on National Dog Day . ironic
A `` lifestyle platform ... to help women live `` stylish '' & amp ; creative life '' ... advocates abortion & gt ; v
everytime I think I 'm gon na have a crappy workout it actually turns out amazing😄 ironic
when people curve you they really doin you the favor .
Does anyone else find the in seeing nurses standing outside the hospital smoking a cigarette on their break ? ironic
. and ironic is BACK ! ! ! Tigers2016 ⚾️🇺🇸
bemoans hereditary privilege of monarchy while claiming $ 250pn to stay in wife 's house , flies own chef for $ 50k auspol
budd did n't even realize national dog day was today 😂😂😂😂👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
`` You ever notice when Democrats propose laws that people lose rights ? `` - Something a Republican actually said.irony
Work believes I 'm going to be a great addition to their safety committee ironic
Things I learn while I stuff my face ..... smh 😊😊😊irony true love and cookies @ The Chocolate Bar
is SMART spelled wrong ? ? ?
Recall Batman 's quote from `` The Dark Knight Rises ? `` NO GUNS . NO KILLING.JamesHolmes AuroraIrony
britainsspendingsecrets bbc millionaire socialist tries to stirs up classwar from back of their chauffeur driven mercedes ironic
Wow I guess EVERYONE is a raver now and go to festivals . I remember years ago when you guys talked shit on me for going to them . 💅🏼
InsaneClownPosse says if you vote DonaldTrumpforPresident you 're NOT a juggalo ! ironic AlanisMorisette uspoli
More wisdom via Jeff Carroll on Facebook . TrumpVsRamos
It would appear they may have misused the word permanent . yeg
Look what I found at meijer grumpycat funny ironic meijer hilarious peopleofmeijer happy
Celebrated NationalDogDay by inadvertently locking Rigo in the dark bathroom all day . sorrybuddy I closed the door to keep him out .
Jorge Ramos is on right now . ironic
Got the maze runner movie for my bday today . Ironic much ? HappyBirthdayDylanOBrienironyDylanOBrien24dylanandthomasMazeRunner
I 'm not a fan of Megan Kelly , but is when Trump calls ANYONE ELSE `` unprofessional '' .
found a lottery ticket in my ap stat textbook ironic
That being said , I got a call right after that to film a buzzed driving PSA commercial life
So it 's NationalWomensEqualityDay and NationalDogDay today . I just find it funny how no one see the in that . insulting
Is it just me or does this `` LoadRunner '' have a set of gigantic balls ?
what if there was a `` The Los Angeles Angels '' edition of `` The Ferrari LaFarrari '' ?
Is it just me or the Steelers signed Michael Vick on NationalDogDay on purpose . 🐕🐩
Russell Wilson is promoting Dirty Sprite ..
dyslexia is so hard to spell ? ?
He 's soo eloquent ... Well put good Sir .
funny how nationaldogday on twitter is the same day that Facebook told me to celebrate women 's history .
ironic nophotos allowed that moment when you realized your sale has a typo
Getting the right amount of sleep lowers stress levels . I slept at 23.00 and woke up at 2.00 AM . ironic 😒
wintermute talk about Another member of kills with a gun !
i understood ; i was just being sarcastic . Ironic
oh look how fun was that ha ironic
The `` dark money '' coal companies use to fund climate denial . Released through their recent bankruptcies
You dehydrate faster in H2O than in air -- via Jerry Ferris who swam length of LG in 1980s Ferris lost 20 + lbs of liquid during swim
Ironic -I posted my GarbagePailKids/ card yesturday and Today is the one with losing the CabbagePatch lol
. ordered to remove links to stories about google removing links to stories ironic recursion wtf
is seeing StraightOuttaCompton for free because your boyfriend 's dad is a cop and and gets complimentary movie tickets .
Talking about the birds and the bees in our group message while studying pollination processes for Ecology .. ironic
Did I ever tell you I 've been reading the cover2cover for 20 years ... backwards ? ~ Mahalo
I saw a praying mantis ... At church ...
Entering voids where life ceases to exist . Where the media is your only source to the world and pro life signs liter the highway .
Politico disses `` breathless reporting on Biden ''
So FICAC can not be audited ? Says alot about those who created it , no ? Ironic FijiPol Head50 TransparentMuch
The same argument cons make against drugs . lol
Done dealt with a lot of bad ones , now I struggle with the good ones
Riding & amp ; I observe my seat mate reading Everyone Communicates , Few People Connect while watching/listening to tv
dies thousand deaths ! BJP & amp ; Modi fought election on gujaratmodel and top trend now is BJPDestroyedGujrat
The SheenaBora case more & amp ; more sounds like the TV soaps we make fun of , for being unreal , twisted , 'kuch bhi ho raha hai ' types .
Eat right . Stay fit . Die anyway . truthaboutlife sadtruth enjoylife
Can your brain get sore ? thoughts smart questions
I have a list of recipes I want to master . If only I actually enjoyed cooking haha random
hahaaha ... and statement is coming from da horses mouth who took the maximum benefit of violence
And no one is talking about OROP but still Army is called to contain agitation in Gujarat .
Least you admit breaking into ur friends crib 😂😅😅😅😅
oh no .. I guess uTorrent does n't find itself a victim of Piracy though ; that 'd too much
Jae that dude stays talking about something 's too much on other folks when his whole game is built on too much lol
If you could see more , you 'd be blinded by it all ironic
for someone who wants to be treated equal you sure do spend a lot of time looking for people to be sorry for you
shoots itself when talks on social issues JasleenKaur
Am I the only one that does n't want to record every second of my life ? 👀
Samsung gave away Apples at a roadshow . samsung apple samsunggalaxy
Of course you want to be alone . Could I be alone with you ? GrandHotel SummerUnderTheStars TCMParty
starting her career with a scandal during Nixon admin , and ending her career on eerily similar scandal .
shouting down & amp ; accusing Paddy Monahan of being `` emotive '' in a shrill voice on ironic
Behind mine & amp ; 's table at Jimmy Johns . Believe Ironic jennifernettles JenniferNettles
I use social media posts to measure the value of my thoughts in `` likes '' and `` favorites '' favifyouagree
Shortened Mind you Baird & amp ; his religious overlords have given publicity to gaybybaby that $ $ simply ca n't buy ironic
The funniest thing about this table is that from Corbyn to Kendall the graph gets more red
So wants to spend £ks asking people what should be cut-there 's the mindset that got them into the mess to start with .
I ’ ve had disdain for people who obsessed over dietary restrictions . Alas , I ’ m now forced to be one . hearthealth
i was at the CLE vs NYY game last Friday night . i saw this gem . Yankee fan pushing 4bills . 4 scoops & amp ; a Fitbit ?
= Bible verse tattoos ( but almost never Leviticus 19:28 : “ Do not put tattoo marking upon yourselves ” ) ....
Funny how WomensEqualityDay and NationalDogDay is on the same day . ironic theirony
My favourite spam was a phone call from a company offering to block unwanted phone calls ! !
and some engineers i know of ; juma are complaining of Salty water in Mombasa ,
country 's .. no pal ... it really isnt ... and indictment of the American education system
. Ramos cut in line . typical ironic immigration
Black Woman moaning about Blacks being housed in high crime areas in NewOrleans surrounded by other blacks in a black area bbcnews
Two sets of rules ?
der r ppl tlga na no matter how expensive their clothes look on them , the person itself does n't look expensive at all wiw
I just knew you really wanted to know that . ...
your wild allegations of acceptance are disputed by your clear lack of just that .
Weird vibe gettin feels over someone I turned down when they 're taken now , guess the jokes on me 😬😛 ironic
The 3 women on Lorraine dubbed the self esteem team all try and look and dress like celebs , so much for self esteem lol
Anti-Ahmadi bigots support state censorship of Ahmadi Muslims in Pakistan , then get upset w/me for blocking them on Twitter . smh
Oh , you 're right . Thanks for pointing it out . Credibility ? CC
Hahahah . Startup at its best .
“ ForensicProd : look at mine ironic is
still no dedicated cinema though , council cares more about out of town shopping , than sustaining high Street ironic
Typical . Conservative sheep
They signed up to be cheaters , only to be cheated .
Economist receives more mentions than any other publication at IABsgcontent Ironic
To be self sustaining we need to import an additional 1.5m Bangladeshis to handle all the additional work .
BTB Wayne LaPierre was born in Roanoke , VA.IronyThought you 'd like to know .
I wish I could say that I know someone who is British and Colombian that lives in BritishColumbia Canada
perfection is sought out , but they rely on auto tuner ...
Pizza Eating Contest to raise money to fight obesity ? ? ? huh ironic lol pizza pizzalover follow
alert Metadata collection at work ?
I had a dream about oomf and woke up and he so happens to be on Twitter ironic
That feeling when you 've been productive so you reward yourself with procrastination thestoryofmylife 🙈
And here you are , venting to social media - which you `` wish did n't exist . '' ironic idiot 👍🏼
John Still had to think to remember Messis name ! ! ! and we call him a pro manager ! ! Sheesh ! Sack him ! fishing coyh
Now at PTA meeting with my Mom . Best way to spend your day off . ironic
2 years ago , I grilled chicken legs.Now , I am getting grilled . CurseOfTheChickenLegs
Wait , is NationalDogDay really celebrated the same day as NationalWomensEqualityDay ? ? Idk , but consider me offended .
The problem is making a to-do n't list has now been added to my to-do list !
`` You atheitards are always so bitter '' Yeah , we 're the bitter ones ... irony
Just slipped down the steps in my slippers .
Gr9 Science CS use iPads 2 highlight safety practices when using electricity nopowerinmyclassroom
It 's the people who say they 're `` open '' with you about shit that lie ironic foh
meanwhile how much was spent on water cannons ?
im a night owl ... But i was pretty tired today . Was hoping id be asleep by now . BUT as soon as i send this , id fall asleep ?
The same day Holmes the worst SerialKiller in the USA ( so far ) gets 4,000yrs in prison , we get the 1st live murder of a TV reporter
AN FUCKING F BOMB
thatawkwardmoment when you realize the Steelers signed Michael Vick on NationalDogDay . ironic
James MacTaggart Memorial Lecture : via FutureOfTV bbc plenty of ironic jokes !
Gave a cute girl my number today ... Well it was on my business card . Is that unprofessional ? idk .
Oxymoron Time ... Opposites VisualJokes Paradox Words
In the 80s themedia condemned videonasties for their lurid depiction of violence and gore . Monkey Kaoss msm
: using your god given , first amendment protected right to demonize other rights based on a murderer 's actions ...
Ironic Local RW radio , Wks ago called Trump a Clown-then Stripper U wouldnt take Home 4 Tksgiving & gt ; Now Hes viable Candidate ?
when the drama makes me want a cigarette & lt ; 3
look at mine ironic
The more you know , the less you know
screams silently ironic WHY IS N'T ANYTHING PROGRESSING AHHHHH
Funny : got email from Rheum urging me 2 b involved w/ - done - but THEIR rheum was worst I 've seen yet .
illegal dispensaries that require patients to have a legal rx ... mmpr
Office365 now sends me clutter e-mails about the emails that it has put in the new clutter box .
Flu virologist . That 's me . Enthusiast , pusher , and receiver of vaccines . Also me . But guess what ? I have flu .
Lol . George Zimmerman , who only gets into fights with women or unarmed children , calling someone else a `` pansy . ''
ironic eating junk while complaining I 'm fat mylife
Agora Dark Web Marketplace Shuts Down Due to Security Concerns
Oh really , this is n't a valid email address ?
see the
Drugs,40 cellphones found in alleged CA prison smuggling try by a contracted drug counselor via news
Our brand new 2000W Solar roof is up ! ... we 'll be parked under 2 DIFFERENT BRIDGES this weekend !
Those who were most vocal against the monster of terrorism are being labeled as terrorists .
Is the traffic jam when you 're already late 󾠔󾠔󾠔 Ironic
is such a sweet thing
“ `` What you 've done is posted a snuff film . '' Virginia shooting footage and bbc doesnt
Oh the smoker stopsmoking quit cigarette lol
How can we push for anti-bullying laws in congress and then consider a big bully for President trumpisabully
Friend who stole electronic components from college lab lecturing me on Cong loot.irony
really need to drink my redbull but I do n't wannapop the tab in this quiet ass class decisions funnythisisadecisionsclass ironic
I guess that means you 're not the only one getting personalized though .
Rhonda Rousey slammed Floyd for domestic violence ! Now she 's dating a married man accused of domestic violence !
I just realized Mike Vick was signed on National Dog Day 😂😂😂 ironic
Access Ironic im watching Music videos of you and u suddenly pop out of my notifications
Oh Donald.MakeAmericaGreatAgain Ironic
Now Famous Loota Cum Bias So Called Analyst Give His Verdict Through Tweets .
Asked for a knife to open plastic package of boiled eggs and was handed a plastic knife , encased in plastic .
hey you do know your QB raped 2 women right ?
Shocking that a company devoted to helping ppl break their vows did n't keep its own promise . ashleymadisonhack
I 'm gon na go with its a little bit of a bummer that I lose my voice the last day of training/move in eve iwillovercome
RT : Catch me if you can ... ⚡️⚡️⚡️
Americans are so self-centered , we ca n't even figure out what 's in our self-interest ...
Not something I would expect to see in a tech company 's lobby ! ! ironic providingsolutions @ Dell RR3
I wish fall was more than a quarter of the year 🍂🍁 favoriteseason ironic iloveautumn
When the channel shows more history than the channel ...
trafficplanning needs and contex adaptation ... mobility
80+ degrees . Need fan on . 80+ papers to mark . Need fan off ( blows papers away ) . Topic of papers : Dilemmas . teacherproblems ironic engchat
None of this contains any `` hard numbers '' . ironic
The of not being able to be yourself with any man yet you go on TheBachelorAU fakefacades ironic
Steelers fans mad they signed Vick over dog charges , turn blind eye to 2 Big Ben rape cases . SteelersNation
69 days alcohol free days .. CorruptMind 😂😂😈😈
Am I the only one that finds it ironically funny that NationalDogDay was the same day as WomensEqualityDay ? Made me chuckle . Ironic
A sad truth is that so many people are in Love and not Together . And so many people are Together and not in Love ...
Keeping a piece of paper for 20million yrs then needing it the day after you shred it ... what 's that all about ? ! ironic hoarderswin
Mike Vick signs with the steelers on NationalDogDay
I 'm at class being the good girl that I am
UK is it normal practice to leave your vans apparently unattended with engine running ?
. the guy with a confederate flag calling someone a racist . cantflimflamthezimzam
70 's car wash - free wifi .
Curious to know why exactly UX conferences are almost always quadruple the price compared to dev conferences . inaccessible
RelationshipGoals Dismaland Anarchy research Journo Art travelwriter @ Dismaland -…
Aaah the of the OROP protests !
. alert : , gov of the most 2A-unfriendly state in US , talking about guns . betterwithfriends WDBJ NRA
These Influential Marijuana Users Defy The Stoner Stereotype via the many far right stoners
I sure hope I 'm not the only one who sees the sad in this pic . global warming OurEndlessNeedForWhatsNew
Artist work hard 2b momemorable 4evr😍n here v hv teamEBP who want their fans to forget them moveon😉😂 KiLLipkkndEBP AnokhaPyaar 😜😈
Do n't Laugh : A book called `` Why am I afraid to tell you who I am '' lol or what lol
Y'day when MQM leaders were getting arrested PPP ws defending Khi Op,2day when their looters got arrested they r standing against it
lol , Rich appears to be getting annoyed by someone named annoying today .
Domestic violence isnt funny , but ... BeatsByDre recently took on a new meaning for me .
But the White House should be ?
yesterday was national dog day and Steelers signed Michael Vick .
Going to visit today to look at possibly starting classes .. ironic
I became bald listening to hair
Would be superb if these blood sucking midges could suck some junk out of my trunk whilst they are at it . Eaten alive yet no slimmer
I & lt ; 3 when people full of `` wisdom '' tweet or share quotes filled w/ `` advice '' they should really take themselves . It 's so fun to watch .
My mexican friend was on fb praising Donald Trump
The trump LyingAzz @ I 20
Caste based reservation is caste discrimination in itself ! ! GiveUpReservation
The ChildrensRights except their right to life if they 're inside their mother 's womb
I just could n't help myself ..... I just had to take a picture with my smartphone
bob maybe years & amp ; years wrote it ( so looking forward to doing them on TPL )
Another Brick in the Wall playing at school ironic
How can you tell someone he has no class and then call him a `` libtard '' Irony Hypocrite
Such an 😅 truck passenger safety hitchhiker man transportation
haha funny that .... We buy our cars from down ur way ! ironic lol
If I don ’ t make it through this paper alive , at least I died doing what I love : writing about Salmonella MLST painintheass
All smart people are suspicious of stories about habits that `` all '' [ successful , rich , happy ] people share . ironic
Just met the man of my dreams and then met his beautiful wife ! Oh wait , that is me ! Smiley FaceIronic hellolife
Yet , DZ pretends that all the people in atxd6 agree with him . ironic atxcouncil
But .. what can i do ironic
I think extreme security need to take a leaf out of their own book ...
Has anyone got a knife ? I 've got 10,000 spoons here ! Ironic hellolife
Every time Bill Clinton 's wife talks about a waronwomen & amp ; the media does n't yell the next Democratic Anthony Weiner is empowered
Because KhanGirl wants you to notice the Paradox and the .....
I wonder how many of the people in these `` factual '' figures pose for his other publication ... '' Asian Babes ''
Buncha fuckin nerds in this class , they 're all dumb af tho
Ironic . I get out of the dentist and the first song I hear is Ca n't Feel My Face by The Weeknd . Ironic Ferreeal
you hate on me & amp ; my success/accomplishments , yet you 're following in my EXACT footsteps 👣👣👣 ironic
Overheard at Stonehenge today `` .... just a pile of old stones '' I hope !
thehorror hippocrisy or just business as usual from bigmoney capitalisttools
Is just great to see THEM using gifs I made when they `` hate '' me so much ... 😅😂
. is talking about how the WDBJshooting gunman wanted publicity . pleasestop
Brenda goes to the Woolpack for a coffee ? ? Busman 's holiday emmerdale
I wonder if Fletch is around the Kardashians and their recent adventure ? ? ? PCS101
So Ill just treat every woman who complains about a glass ceiling like they 're not serious about equal wages then
on Triple F donaldtrump jorgeramos RacismInAmerica racism
Oh dear just read you 're asking for ID @ entrance to stop touting AntiSurveillance Banksy Spy
Bankrupt coal company paid for ( ethically bankrupt ) climate denial fossilfuels
Time to ditch 'gimmicky ' policies says carefully placed in a greasy spoon cafe , speaking to a journalist in full suit .
Everyone comes with an expiry date . Unfortunate but fact of life ! closepeople factoflife emotional
Doval war veterans boycotting it [ sorry sir ] ...
Definition of ? ?
the cd for the music at work has a scratch in it , so the theme from the never-ending story has been playing for like 15 min now
The of Usain Bolt the fastest man on 2 legs , getting hit by a Segway used mostly by humans not fond of using their legs .
Why are people in tech support forums so hostile to each other ?
Why does no one say YOLO any more ? I guess they all died ... YOLO
Thank you Velcro for keeping it all together funnies laughing doubleentendre
A guy laughed at her because her Filipino accent came out , but his accent is just as bad ? ? ? WTF ? ! 😐 ironic
Note to self : Still hate using social media without app .
Great point ! NationalBurgerDay ; ) SMaMi
1982 Never heard that one before
For a father that has been too busy for his daughter .. now he cares . 7delaan
Still cracking me up 😆 tootrue muppets lesson drivers cars roadrage safety humour chill nostress ☺️
lynn2013 my anxiety is too bad to do that . Always assumed I 'd get busted . ironic
Pittsburgh wo n't support Vick but will support their current rapist QB ?
Your not wrong . Sometimes people fail their spot check .
Interesting article ! We will be living in interesting times for a while yet nama ironic ChinaMeltdown
Lately the level of difficulty finding good content on Netflix has been driving me to the redbox at the local grocery story
Sugar in the Raw ? Sure ... How about some ice that is n't cold & amp ; does n't melt too ? WaiterLife Why Ironic ItNeverDissolves
People who talk about authenticity and engagement in a pre-scheduled tweet . smh facepalm
Powell123 object poverty ... without material things
I love everything about noestimating except the part about having no estimates ! Agile ironic
hammel this just happened ironic sister siblings
, Steelers fans hating on Vick but are cool with Rothlisberger ? Multiple accusations ironic
Clearly , technology ca n't address all massgathering publichealth issues
Meaning is so 1997 . Go have your Alanis Morissette and strong grammar and logic rules , Grandpa . Ironic
Crazy Question : Do veterinarians eat meat ? I know they job is to care for animals but do they eat animals ? ? ?
coughlin Dont be a h8r , they are celebrating tbt every day . ironic that they are a timeless part of carmel culture .
One of the slowest machines almost ruined the fast man in the world .
or something like it : on autoplay of violent content has inline ad autoplaying disturbing images
When I 'm doing accounting work and the song 'fuck up some commas ' come on 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 nerdy giggles ironic
Top lawyer in Texas has no lawyer to defend him . OH THE
Getting photos printed and they have run out of supplies for their printer
So , why is it that when you meet three super hot soldiers , it 's your worst hair day ever ? : -olife
Just had someone from a gym ring whilst I 'm eating a Big Mac
i fucking love it when shoots a girl who refused to work with me bc I do TS girls in a TS girl scene ! hilarious broke
`` We ignore the ones who adore us , adore the ones who ignore us , love the ones who hurt us , & amp ; hurt the ones that love us ''
Am I really haunting StubHub for Denver tix ? Just realized my novel 's protagonist is her age , born when I graduated .
After 18 years of making jokes about blondes , I 'm going blonde .. ironic
Hey , did the Steelers really sign Michael Vick on National Dog Day ?
Anti-Abortion Activists Dig in Clinic Trash to Find 'Privacy Violations '
made a negative judgement call about a professor just based on the syllabus , but now I think this will be my most interesting class
But G. Will does n't see that Trump is a product of dog-whistling , race-baiting GOP that he now is destroying .
VeryBritishProblems with an Irish person
I just blew the dust off my air compressor , using my lungs . fb
Lost something money could n't buy all in an attempt to save money . Ironic
I took Saturday off to spend time with the fuck boy , and now the fuck boy has to work all day
wow , the troll who came here just to insult me is commenting on my age ! overyourhead
Stupid always makes me feel wrinkled . wrinkled stupid
For a society that claims `` zero fucks given '' we sure do get offended a lot ! WhineyBitches
You say that yet your sleeping 😒 ironic
C Moore totally just had an epiphany and I know you will love it ! Might save the story from drowning amediting
TW Telecom is down . Nothing like a mass outage to bring people together.Let 's do it again Friday ironic TWTelecom
The hashtag you added turns it from statement to BURN !
And I work tomorrow with someone named Wilson .
Colonel Sanders definitely looks like the kind of guy that would own slaves KFC
This dude rode his bike to spin class .
How tiny is our existence is this super galactic space but also intelligent enough to understand it ironic LookUp
This art therapy stuff is addictive ! ! ironic
Just saw the list of all the food -if you could call it that- at this year 's CNE . And I 'm sure it 's a no smoking zone
2 out of 5 do not have optimized mobile landing pages . That 's in a room of digital marketers . wakeuppeople twitterforb2b
If you 're going to wear a SunsOutGunsOut shirt . Please make sure you have actual muscles ... Irony Muscle CrossFit DoYouEvenLift
25 im actually getting my eyebrows waxed rn ironic
My career started off with drones hunting the bad guys , now in cybersecurity doing the same thing .
Girls : domestic violence awareness is SO IMPORTANTGirls : Chris Brown 's music is my favorite and my favorite athlete is Ray RiceIronic
It 's fun to listen to people in lines complain about everyone else being in the line when they themselves are part of the 'problem ' |
The principal just said `` that 's straight . '' 1 . Heh . irony2 . This is gon na work out just fine . emmagoestoK
Maybe if the surprise in the Kinder egg was a gun , the eggs would n't be banned in the U.S .
Mining companies look to solar to cut fuel costs in half ironic nobrainer
all the time ! We women can b so very smart but so odd . Lol . truth funny women truth
is when the Universe makes it impossible to bend down to pick anything up at seven months pregnant , but ...
If only dogs could read . DogsRule DogsFirst doggydaycare ichewwhatiwant
I literally sing this song in my sleep , I wake up and look what 's on . ironic 3rdshiftprobs favorite
`` ... Judy trust technology ... ? '' autocorrect
Would n't it be ironic if it rained umbrellas ? irony lolno
Is n't it weirdly ironic that Gotye is just somebody that we used to know ?
Dinner - REAL close . pasta chef gourmet michelinstar dinner hastagsgalore
Sometimes imperfections can make something perfect in a person 's eyes .
GayPride flag reportedly found in VirginiaShooting suspects home -
like unitedkingdom is ironic
Playing catchup the day you get back to work from a vacation brings back all the stress you just removed from going on vacation
Got pulled over by a lady cop while Mrs.Officer was playing in my car . 🙇🏽ironic
So I 'm rewatching The Manchurian Candidate after X amount of years , and I ca n't it remember at all ... Ironic
But Vick has given thousands to the since he left prison .
... all cos was desperate to visit this take-away he 'd spotted on a school trip . It was shut .
Free time used to be so rare for me and I always wanted it . Now that I have an abundance of it , I have no idea what to do .
Had to fast forward to bit about how Brits do n't talk about toilets just too embarrassing VeryBritishProblems
Nooooooooo . Not Curtis ! Damn you , Kenny ! KingofTheNerds
Bro in law split up w/ GF . For good this time . He is devastated . Do n't know why , he fucks everything that moves .
. A pro-open science essay that takes OA advocates to task for not listening to researchers & amp ; you refuse to read it
Only three weeks left of ! portsmouthnh portsmouthLOVE jimmyjuice
skypapers Well done on your in-depth coverage of the disability benefit deaths . I bet you win a TV BAFTA for that .
Very impressed// depressed Wiv dismaland Makes people thinkironyparady fact ! ! !
And yet , your network keeps giving him air time because it brings them money .
You get with a guy that everybody wants ; then get mad that everybody wants him ...
What a crock ! ! Dan Rather suspecting a news org of `` faking . '' Hey `` pot , '' meet `` kettle . '' hypocrite RatherGate
DARKVADER & amp ; CHOCOLATETHUNDER pass away on the same day , today ! The
It 's the first of the month comes on the radio while I 'm thinking about my bills .
Wait , am I seeing this correctly ... the sign on NationalDogDay ? ironic
The of two girls talking loudly outside my door about how quiet living here is . Facepalm .
tbt to when I backed into a light pole . Which was on a Thursday btw . ironic intheshopasitype
Resolution : From hence forth I shall stop using the phrase `` I will never ... '' For surely I say unto you it bites me every time .
Driving one of those Smart Cars makes you look like a dumbass
Only three weeks left of Old Ferry Landing ! portsmouthnh portsmouthLOVE jimmyjuice
It 's the people that were terrible to others in the past , that want people not to judge them on their past .
I always forget to tweet .
says you , Katie BitRichLittle Miss Abusive Nobody
more ppl must interact with the political system the less they do ironic
There was a time where I can carry a tune . Now my Tinnitus carries it for me . ASL hearingtrouble funny ironic music metal comedy RT
When we 're done w/ outlawing Islam next we get rid of the PEOPLE who wanted the outlawing in the 1st place .
There 's a Honda in my neighborhood flying a confederate flag . Oh the Mercia
Guy on the radio- '' This guy 's just banging them out right now , here 's The Weeknd-Hills '' bangin ironic
fb RT Singer Hey , did the Steelers really sign Michael Vick on National Dog Day ?
Half the time I work out just to eat more
`` What have you done big for Jesus ? '' JimmyEpting 's question for employment interviews ironic affair
that is crazy , I just watched that episode last night . I 've been wondering that same thing . greatmindsthinksalike
give the fact that she was a media honcho .. this has to be her best production
I 'm tweeting you to tell you to study . sirois
The patent for the fire hydrant believed to have been invented by Frederick Graff was destroyed in a fire .
SJWs : Defending everyone 's feeling and cussing people out all in the same breath .
No matter . blacklivesmatter Bosses are all working for a White man !
But if you wannago separate ways that 's cool , ten years without an argument and the first one causes the split .
She was one of those , whose personality overshadowed the looks back in hs ... now she 's amazing looking , with a lacking personality ironic
I was glad to see workers cleaning up the mess at Sarthana , Surat yesterday afternoon . Others enjoy and remaining suffers .
must have been all those banana peels . ironic
Is it ironic that it 's a fullmoon im44 AND mybirthdaytoday ithinknot hugyourdog
Hmm ... I read an interesting article about how the UC system has failed to add more CA students :
like she remembers anything ... Oh the lol
Is n't it funny ... Being safe is actually the riskiest thing you could do .
Watching a version of citizenfour with a watermark on it ...
8/27 . Remember when that meant something . ironic
People constantly tell me that I do n't sound like I 'm from around here , yet are unable to describe how guys from around here sound .
demonstrating exactly how to misuse & amp ; abuse science to promote a political agenda
I just realized that Kristen is the only one on the show who is married . . . . ironic RHONY RHONYReunion
Drivers who cycle happy ; cyclists who drive enraged . paradox
The funny thing is here I am dying to go there and yet I met a Norwegian from Oslo who has n't been to any of these places 😂
Too few women in Canadian politics ? Seems like good debate topic for leaders of political parties . cdnpoli
That moment u realize you got in an accident with a triple a truck . screwed
I 'm at Common Grounds and I 'm dying of thirst
Dad , while watching The Interview : `` this is so inappropriate '' quietly laughs in the corner Dadisms Mr.Hickey
200-odd years later & amp ; Abbott goes & amp ; pulls this latest dick move with the ABF auspol
The President 's bodyguard in The West Wing is the shooter guy in Greys
so it seems . I 've got a worried smile on my face here in Bangkok military BorderFarce
Proposed plan to quell 'anti-social ' behavior cancelled due to highly anti-social reaction to proposed plan
your tweets are accurate with my life ironic
How do you spell `` Ironic '' ? Toilet at Canadian Tire - where They SELL plumbing supplies !
Did n't expect this at the lawyers office . humor warningkuno nice smoking attentiongrabber…
I read that article from my cell phone in a taco bell drive thru .
How lucky you are . Lucky to have all these things in your head ironic peaceofmind
No thanks to quieter times.Thank you God for all this chaos and consequence.Life 😈…
funny they took this to the media first instead of a court .
I 'm currently staying up to prepare for a quiz on sleep deprivation tomorrow . ironic
patidar wants reservations b'coz they find existing reservations unfair . They want justice by increasing injustice towards others !
Hey Cher ! Are you having a great time with the girls ? Did you happen to see this photo I tweeted you ?
Real is taking the last trash bag out of the box and putting the box in the bag . publix
It seems everyone that has an issue with me does n't even know me and the people tht know me actually think I 'm a decent guy😂😂😂
So the Fox News RT , twins were Hannah and Olivia ironic godbless
Again ... No . No kid-friendly MJ mascots . Go read the old Mr Butts & amp ; Mr Jay Doonesbury strips . JoeCamel
LOOOOOOOL when Americans tell immigrants to get out of their country
People can denote for political parties but willnt denote for Gita Press . SaveGitaPress
Turnbull on NBN cost : “ This is the 1st set of numbers… that I ’ ve got a high level of conf in ” $ 46B-56B value
. Define India might be the only country in the world where people are rioting to get tagged as backwards 😎
So ugly that some are willing to spread lies & amp ; doubt about ecigs that will actually keep people smoking . 2/2
They gave Caitlyn Jenner Manslaughter
antac offer 'Quality services delivered safely ' but their vans just undertake dangerously ironic eh ?
Yeah , it seems like they are on TV every week . Every time some wack job shoots a bunch of people ... Irony
All my work from OAK PARK & amp ; Imma LocIrony
During a lecture on zoonotic diseases a dog licked the top of my friend 's water bottle zoonoes
Had kid do research at library rather than Google . Library books had no answers . Had to get online at library to use encyclopedia .
`` Is n't it ironic ? ' So tired and Want & amp ; Need to sleep but ca n't fall asleep , smh . apparentlytootiredtosleep
I like Starbucks a bit . Just a little bit . starbucks starbucksteribucks starbucksmegamall…
Interesting to hear radio presenter Faine & amp ; TV presenter Ali talk about narcissism of twitter on
I got offered a role in Dog Sees God as Van 's Sister . My family has always called me Lucy Van Pelt . The is not lost on me . ironic
Is it true that the Border Police are being detained by outraged citizens in Flinders Station ?
No from re their U.S. gun law coverage and their climatechange coverage .
Listening to college dropout ... while doing homework in college
Skies opened up while running errands & amp ; waters are rising . Good thing my new umbrella was safe & amp ; dry in my car
Ca n't find the name of this watch . Can anyone help ? It 's a leather belt when I bought it in 2008
When man loses everything , that 's when he usually finds God .. Haha
I used to love boys with tattoos . Now I got my own and love men without ink . GrowingUp
in pune smart auto with tab runs preloaded ads and phone tracking app but they do n't charge tariff by meter .
and Scott Stephens on suggested 1984 should be a banned book ...
I thought Border Force did n't comment on operational matters . There 's an awful lot of detail here via
More than half of the most successful people I know do n't have a college degree .
future made his own song to freak hoes Ironic
Just watched Brugge fans singing Y.N.W.A and mancs singing you scouse bastards to them . Then Rooney scores a hatrick MUFC retards
has been on hold with for 72min ; over charged us and we need a refund . The refund will pay the phone bill ironic
Setting up Family Safety in Windows10 requires a child , of any age , to have an email address . That 's brilliant . Windows10Fail
right , the 2nd amendment was written to prevent government overreach not give it another reason to overreach
forum British occupation of 6cs Partition and you call McGuinness a terrorist ?
Crushing free speech after shoving a memorial to victims of communism down our throats cdnpoli
BunnieBell I also died as an escort named Wartortle rbing the SK Jared Fogle
Some girls sleep with the film producer to get a role as a born again sister ...
BanMassMurdererIndiaFromUN India mentions itself as the most peace loving country but killing civilians across the boarder ..
I dread gettin my locks retwisted
I think i might be the saddest happy person and the meanest nice person to ever exist Ironic
Watching a comedy movie and end up crying ... ironic
Mildly irritated today . Sent from my iPhone 6+ ironic
Drinking cures heartbreak . But damages the liver . fact
Excellent ...... : Not quite sure I get the point of automated DM 's stating 'No DMs'Irony
“ : BREAKING : IT ” S ALL THE PRESS RELEASE ’ S FAULT ! “ : English as 2nd Language ? ?
M I have a license to carry while doing shifts for the Israel police , but I do n't qualify for a civilian license here .
Asking to separate the church and state yet you encourage block voting ? ironic
Working today , there was a nurse doppelgänger of a guy I know who is the least likely to be a nurse
Olive Oyl must have been a hell of a lay , because even with nothing in the looks dept . she had a lot of attention . cartoons humor
did you srsly just have a libertarian on your show call in who promoted police checks & amp ; national ID card dictionary
American Const developed in 1700s and by now has a mere 15 amendments . Indian Const developed in 1950 and has more than 100 .
Stuck in traffic this morning because of a broke down tow truck .
1 year back this was the 1st channel who started campaign 'sansani nahi sirf khabren '
In all university courses I always got B or B+ grades . The only course I ever got an A in was 'Conflict Management & amp ; Resolution'Irony Lol
who lives in open tolerant Israel because his homosexuality would not be tolerated elsewhere in ME !
is lost on so many things these days , it 's a miracle it can still be found .
INC are rallying in front of EDSA Shrine yet they do n't honor Mama Mary . justsaying ironic
The acronym for the Chinese state-sponsored television broadcast network is CCTV ? ! BigBrother
Allegedly Migrants in Macedonia refuse Red Cross food parcels because it has a cross ! But I 'm sure they will integrate well !
`` Stop Organ Harvesting in China '' pamphlets strewn with the porno cards this morning on the LasVegas strip .
. Yes , classic ; they 're throwing pers insult rocks at for saying Aus freedom of speech going downhill . TheDrum
Reporters air anything tell you that it `` may be graphic to some '' but wouldnt air the vid of reporters getting shot out of `` respect ''
Understands -- - & gt ;
I wish I cud and I know I can , but I wo n't ..
Why is it that biggest asshole drivers on the road are the people driving the cars .... ? Ironic CutMeOffOneMoreTime NoBlinker 😡
The United Nations was established following the WW to prevent such conflict & amp ; Half of the World is Still caught in War.Irony WeWantPeace
Germany Syria Syrian donated month 's wages for GDR refugees in 1989
`` I 'm helping you deliver your baby with another woman . '' Ironic UnderTheDome CBS YourBrainOnTV
Pilot sitting next to me on flight is watching Disney Pixar 's `` Planes ''
Tele but Jenny has time for a cuppa with them all jesuswept JMSOS
... it 's a dying art form
His first school project was to make a T-shirt Ironic TooEasy HeBetterGetAnA
In today 's world , v want to b followed by thousands and known by only few handle of people socialmedia
⛅️TGIF ! beautiful friday ironic flowers think ourselves /…
Joe Soon will be `` hoisted with his own petard '' & amp ; those in the media 'll be 'pointing-the-finger ' at media .
Separation of church and state ? ! IronySlowClap
Here 's a clip of an ice cube concert where he is singing about minorities getting treated like shit lol
Been pouring ☔ all day , but no water in the taps at bay 🌆irony hits Colombo .... CocaCola
Just saw Nick 's kindergarten teacher at fancy bagel on our way to bring him to college ironic
Mark Kenny : The new oppressed – religions claim underdog status in same-sex marriage debate auspol
Aaah ! The pun bwahaha joke equality
So .. Dorset badgercull announced - I 'm pre-baiting for badger vaccinations today ! badgercull
are the same liberals who hate the 2nd amendment the ones who also hate cops ? liberallogic ironic
The insolvency law firm I use have just gone insolvent
Just drove past a pizza shop called 800degrees that had caught fire
With a complete absence of new rigorous meta-study finds psychology studies are inaccurate !
DCE saying some players futures are unclear for next year LOL
I bet you 3/4 of the females that are goin crazy over the new JB single are EXACTLY the indecisive , crazy btches he 's singin about . ironic
DALE is that a prediction of some form of delusional condition ? Witchcraft ?
Not a fan of the gun advertising on the website ... reporting gun crime + advertising guns ? ! ironic
I believe this is what you call AshleyMadison planned to hack their competitors . Karma
Really appreciating Paul Martin lecturing others about being `` yesterday 's man '' cdnpoli
there are 30 trackers detected by Ghostery at that link privacy
Avid Life , / Ashley-Madison , `` We are steadfast in our commitment to our customer base . '' ... who are not committed . AshleyMadison
The short guy at work always thinks he is getting 'shorted ' on his lunch . Ironic proportions ratio
You ramble about `` apple cunts '' then only upload the podcast to iTunes ?
This needs to be a theme in a book I write someday . truth
Taking the barriers out has made a real difference at the Dartford crossing .
it 's like no bats in your batcave ironic
I call myself a gamer but I have a potato instead of a gaming pc lol
well , because Pash said they did n't want to encourage more stories on the topic
Did n't know I was much appreciated by these people . Expected 'those ' people to .. But they care more about money and status ..
. knows zero abt wstrn land mgmt ; says Wsterners shouldnt have 2 listen 2 those who know zero abt wstrn land mgmt wildfire
You never understood
Looks like i have an old follower of mine who likes to post pics a few days after i already have and then preaches originality.irony
Ok .. so lets you order online .. and writes you a stub when you get to the cinema .
Let it be known that John McClain 's birthday has interfered with my beauty sleep this morning . waytooearly lax vegas
v3 One thing I noticed is that you ca n't write in Somali language hadana Somaalinimadaa igu haysataa
The US spends that much trying to 'fight ' the same terrorist org that they created by training & amp ; funding in 2012 .
Lady who would n't let me over flips me off while `` where did all the good people go '' by Jack Johnson plays in my car . ironic
So On Wednesday we will know the fate of Davy & amp ; Malty ? For see what 's on RTE1 now WhoDaresToSpeakOf98
the definition of by Reed Rosson poetry AA Addiction Alcoholism Rehab Death Damndrunkdriver
m read the full reply : best part is where he says muslims need equal rights in india
The person who invented a unique and exquisite term known as YOUTHIYANow being wildly supported by the YOUTHIYASIrony SomethingsComing
I agree about not buying followers . It was hilarious when I saw this post under yours . Ironic
The proposed scheme would undermine any expectation of privacy that police have over their own comms .
Government is celebrating war victory where as War Veterans are on `` fast-unto-death '' for the cause of OROP.Ironic
So the Pittsburgh Steelers signed Michael Vick to their team and his first practice was on NationalDogDay ? Really ! ironic wrong
Why do these feminist liberals support when she is the one who laundered the blue dress and wiped the server clean ? Irony
Erdogan blames PKK for the end of peace process , but do not blame ISIS for attacking Kurds ; triggering the current violence . Turkey
A very serious 'source'.Good that this 'source ' has never spread false reports and propaganda . : )
Everyone says reservations should be based on financial status but still votes for parties which encourage caste based reservations !
a blank twitter post / the blinking cursor mocks me / i 've nothing to write
according to a colleague the grammatical content of an email I just sent is 'fundamentally floored ' .
ffs and Collins says no body can hurt them ! That 's coz they by other teams good players ! Ironic
Of course I just signed up for this last month !
Someone forgot this on the table I sat at for lunch today . ithink
Hospital player piano playing `` Piano Man ''
Ithink it 's wrong that some people still chant `` Sasha Ratchet '' StopThePain ShesNotRatchet BeAStar
The of life is that by the time you 're old enough to know your way around , you 're not going anywhere .... irony observation truth
Girls/women filter the `` too good to be true '' guys/men , but wo n't filter the assholes they complain about . 😂😂😂 sorrynotsorry wtf
Because the yards in our neighborhood are so large ! seriously smallyards
`` Because the files were in PDF format we could n't sort or analyze data . '' NYC complaint to Verizon opendata
Another week of absolute distraction due to inspiration ... it 's Ironic really . O.o NewIdeas MustLetItFlow
How come I always feel old and uncool at every W Hotel we stay except Miami Beach ? WBarcelona ironic
if army is in favour of war then it 's ok and if politicians are in favour of war than it weaken Pakistan
The Yes Men pose as members of the Iowa Regents ' efficiency review committee university management humor
so , it appears the `` soft skills '' training I was scheduled to be in for communication was cancelled and no one told me .
Mr and Mrs Hasegawa here from Japan to play Golf at Ledgeview . Ironic after our dryspell that…
It 's crazy how bad I wanted to buy a house and now how much I hate paying my mortgage . Ironic
. cullen With the king of austerity on his right .
By purging me ... are against their value of social justice to lock ppl out of the process who actually support their a & amp ; v 's
Cont : ... and they definitively did n't invest in a a high unemployment or rural area in Brazil , did n't create any jobs
In Nepalese culture , daughters r expected to take control over their husbands while sons r expected to take ctrl over their wives : P
do you know what the average police response time is for a home invasion ? Anti gun peeps want cops to have less pwr !
Most distress I have is caused by her speaking .
ironic that letters from HillaryClinton form the words HINT LIAR ONLY , HINT CON LIAR & amp ; LIAR CITY ! truth fact FoxNews CNN
Congress is absolutely shameless about naming everything after Indias worst PM Rajiv ( including khel ratna )
Someone who denied a woman her right to safety , dignity has discovered his rights ?
Fire alarms go off in the middle of the night , while you are at a firefighter annual meeting .
Hamburgers have no ham ...
ironic blathers about terrorism while he destroys UW
Map : The walls Europe is building to keep people out Immigration
Always remember that you are unique .. just like everyone else .
It 's Friday at 5 PM and I 'm on the M25 . Only alcohol could improve this situation and that 's the one thing I ca n't have .
Bit ironic that ad on the radio `` for pre paid funeral cover text LIFE to ... '' Ironic Life Death Dead !
The concerns relate to 3rd-party funding against businesses ( e.g . class actions ) , supported by civil rights groups .
Study you use on Facebook to prove your point is probably wrong , a hopefully correct study says
A study that shows that studies do n't prove anything ironic
ironic cocaine production plummets ( few years ) after DEA was kicked out of BoliviaSoftApproach ilo destruction
Aye , they are seeking refuge from themselves .
Founder of website that relies on liars & amp ; cheats has to resign because it falls victim to liars & amp ; cheats . ashleymadisonhack
Exactly . Those fuckers wear those damn masks to hide their faces and they act like criminals . Ironic
Just saw newest line extension madeinvietnam
This is prefect funny voldemort ️harrypotter
Anchor Babies : A concept brought to you by the descendants of anchor droppers wedidntlandonplymouthrock itlandedonus
. inIrony of Hyd is , a Razakar successor -- & gt ; pretends to be talking for general public n few r fooled
Just saw a construction worker in his car speeding on a Construction zone interesting
Everyone DESERVES an OPPORTUNITY Everyday , everyone PASSES up an OPPORTUNITY .
I love giving advice and helping others but , I fail to take my own advice and help myself . ironic
PdV involved in burning Bok jersey over transformation in Bok squad . He had 8 players of colour in 2011 squad - same as HM .
I find it hysterical that some paint republicans w/this hater brush yet are most intolerant people I 've known .
Sad sight .. driving thru Mallow today , its a long way to go for this delivery of sugar ! wastedindustry
Anne Robinson rocked up to a food bank in a chauffeur driven Merc ... and the ... - The Bolton News
When memories of my socialization `` as a boy '' were fresh/clear , before they faded to a mere whisper , I was a much better feminist .
making a plane from paper to making paper for a plane Ironic
I 'm chasing after you , but you 're chasing after her . Do n't you know someone is also chasing after me ? .
So much time money and energy invested in some shit that turned out to be a joke .
compared political opponents with terrorists in the context of supporting a group that cuts heads off humans
no , hence the since it would apply to him more than Meg/James
So 's users feel betrayed by the website ?
But it 's a Sacred Catholic Shrine ! So why there ? DeLimaBringTheTruth IglesiaNiCristo Ironic
Something does n't add up ... only has 3,099 followers . Hey - have you noticed the ?
“ : I love irony ....
Cabeza that moment when you realize it 's Friday ..... EnjoythelittleThings WorkTomorrow
Someone recently asked if i still believe in God.But i honestly do n't know.I believe in something but am not a fundamentalist . PTL
Yaaaay , another show which breaks my heart , GREAT . ironic downtonabbey
All BRFC fans should be playing that ! ironic
Can anyone look up the definition of `` lazy '' for me ?
Living a life without mistakes , is like , living only half a life mistake deepshit wisdom
stumbled upon some David Berrones Art today ! pretty neat . ironic
. retaliating at with raging misogyny because she asked a question implying he is misogynistic .
I 'm too poor to fix my bike or get a new computer but my bank thinks I 'm responsible enough to handle a credit card increase .
Libs love Mughals for:1.Architecture2.Military3.Anti-ColonialismRWs hate Mughals for:1.Destruction 2.Killings3.InvasionsIrony
All I look at on Instagram is either fitness models or food ironic 👀
I 'll be done for harassing the press now . ironic
Legalise the sale of Kinder Eggs after they 're banned for being `` dangerous for kids '' Amend JohnLennonDidntDieForThis
Just brilliant ! dismaland ironic nowplaying
From Lisbon to Curitibaironiclisbon Ironic lisbon lisboa ...
Females steady sweating him but probably fucks like a kid in junior high
Because my friends are fricking hilarious . wrp abpoli
Neighborhood Starting To Get Too Safe For Family To Afford via upmarketing not really funny but
These folks want your money by the due date , but do n't want to provide the service you pay for . ironic
I 'm still forming my opinion on reporters having opinions . Lol .
he plays for an Arabian league & amp ; is talking about football lmao .
Why do I get this twitter error when I click on that phone hacker Rebekah Brooks ? Ironic
So today I landed a crucifix on my boy Jesus .... ironic jiujitsu
Was n't it Tommy Douglas who talked about two cats and a mouse .
he will sleep tonite knowing u think he 's honest & amp ; decent & amp ; u doin the double cudntmakeitup
Bring on the 90s BBQ tomorrow ironic
Samsung hitting iPhone with more expensive phone while Chinese phone consume their market ironic
your fellow news ltd colleagues are keen . Same mob that bleated losing Ablett , are n't they ?
had to resist the urge to say `` it 's the fucking Catalina wine mixer ! '' when the girl working at the wine rack was named Catalina
Vanessa practicing her speech , using chess metaphor : `` a king is nothing without his queen '' .... said to Austin lol bb17
Insafian3 Khawaja Asif must be shown his own clips of abusing army in Parliment and outside And he is now defense ministerIrony
the one day I 'm not wearing one ironic likerainonyourweddingday
Apart from the altruism of working for a National Treasure ?
Word Online is smoother and more responsive than Word2016 on OS X . Come on team , get it together !
Every time a musician trends on twitter inevitably they are terrible . consistent shouldbeatechiedissertation yofavbandsux
दारू जरुरी है and DriveSafe trending together 👀
that 's funny because you blocked me for been a villa fan
Center Grove fans are wearing white while Whiteland is wearing black . sports
Yes , I realize that the of my last tweet is that the ppl who it was meant for will never see it . FollowWhores
Florida at this moment is a lot like my life , in the cone of uncertainty Ironic Welcome
Irish Accents seriously go through me . ironic
wise GREAT spanish translation . ironicAll in tags . Better in english than this ...
Jays vs. KC in ALDS , best of 5 series
So SURPRISE ! Monday still has Seven Dwarfs , Anna/Elsa , and Fantasy Parade FPs ! Too bad that 's Hurricane day ! wonderwhy
Says he wants to spend more time with his wife and kids . faithful
or even a particular app ironic
today i got a safety razor . has anyone told alanis morissette about these things ? ! ironic
Bad driving by fake woman Bruce Jenner killed a real woman .
Wow Judge Joe Brown going to jail .
I married a nurse .
I sliced my thumb open with safety scissors today ironic 😐
Do you not see the of posing that question and following it with that hashtag ?
Is it possible to hate hipsters ironically ? hipster
My husband , screaming : `` Son , shut up or you 'll wake you mother ! ! ! ! '' seriously
When you were supposed to get your permit today by you did n't have anyone to drive you ironic
WallaWalla “ Friendliest ” ? Not to homeless …comedy to those that think ; tragedy to those that feel . NIMBY
`` Australia ca n't afford to have thugs run workplaces '' . SackAbbott YesWeCanning OneTermTony
The people I went to school with me talked to me more tonight than they ever did while I actually went to school with them lol ironic
school got me stressing about being stressed ironic
Casual Ted2 teddybear toys girl party hangover ironic nomeodies meh photoshop photo cool…
For those of you looking for a good example of :
PitchWars teaser : one of my top picks is n't super-active on social media and may not even see this tweet .
matterTV Which one ? ! I HAD LIKE SIX ! ! DarkMatter
its so hot i poured soda into my Game of thrones mug and it cracked . It could n't make it past Year one either .
Sometimes you just need to try the dress again . youneverknow
`` fair comment '' while quoting a CBC article
K stupidI did n't like your post because I actually like your post.I liked it to prove a point.ironic hypocrite
Wow , I has
, Rather Ironic that Palin would talk abt 'jumping across borders ' & gt ; SHE did that FOR Free Canadian HC
people forget on SNL he was on a skit where Heather Locklear did the same thing . jones
Lol 'immigration problem ' I bet EU will have a problem with illegal US immigrants over staying visas in futureCuZ & amp ;
I literally just spit beer through my nose on that , and a 2 days after National Dog day too
Murdering babies and selling body parts is the same . Do you see the similariies ... Hypocrites
helped create this accidental art masterpiece : SpilledWaterMan Funny
Too good not to share ! Gerrymandering voting
I thought `` great sense of humor ! '' in that early episode when wore orange w/ b & amp ; w stripes . JailWear
Ironic Scandal competing w TheBlacklist cuz KerryWashington & amp ; jamesspader were on BostonLegal & amp ; the play Race
And in true Socialist fashion , they will be given away on an ability-to-pay pricing right ? Right ? No ? Huh
I live out south tho
Diabetics asking for lives on candy crush . youneedinsulin
We compared antlr vs - see results :
attempting to sew an umbrella on a day when its pouring rain . is that ?
And you continue with your creepiness , with a woman you do not know .
mft does n't that also bring the validity of THAT study into question ?
I 'm surprised Americans love a food chain named after Islamic Sharia food laws . thehalalguys halalguys
Just tweeted about being an athletic supporter , while laying on the couch at home and there 's currently a football game going on . ironic
Another definition of BurningMan Burners ' carbonfootprint is huge . via
Triple date at Downingtown Victory ! PopeBotPhilly hopdevils
The announcement of Vin Scully returning for his 67th season w comes on the same day the start a 3 game series
Tom araya from looks like an atheist badass Jesus ... oh the : D : P
remember when Ice Cube sang about mis treating women and shooting police . ironic
Given 401ks and the like , it 's probably more representative now than at any time in the past , though .
EPA water rule takes effect in 37 states including Colorado where EPA contaminated river .
I just won tickets . I believe I have to thank .
shout out to all the illegals to secretly hate America but celebrate it anyway this includes WHITE illegals too . trump smfh
moaning endlessly about dead kids , calling baby butchering `` choice '' . gunsense
le LOLs oxymoron justmoron
What are the odds that I do better in something I enjoy more & amp ; practiced less than something I worked really hard for but is less fun
JailWear Fashion Foreshadowing
I have my dad 's genes , but it 's my mom who buys me jeans family mylifeisjustweird
“ : US Court Ruling Allows NSA to Continue SurveillanceRead :
. surely the line `` striving to maintain .... '' is some sick joke lol
A snake and perhaps an apple ? Questions
agustin but you could own a piece of the company !
Ironic how Porirua has presided over passg bylaw ( Dom p1 28/8 ) 2stop poisoning Porirua Hbr versusin favour of fluoridation
Usain Bolt is finally beaten - by a Segway . And the cameraman veered into him after running over ... a bolt .
Driving passed a very noisy mustang and its license plate literally read `` Obnoxious '' 😐
When a band tells the crowd not to listen to people telling them what to do , then tells the crowd to jump or sing with them .
She does have a prison named after her ( & amp ; Bubba ) Would n't that B poetic justice . & amp ; Ironic
obviously , sadly media has a huge role . what 's scary is copycat who can now field report ?
Philon with the Pile-on ... ironic Lions
'Mean girls ' Insta rules from - quite something ! Love fact they got through edit .
My brother and his boyfriend are sat next to the priest at this wedding
Ironic Two days of safety training to keep my oil field job & amp ; miss out on the two biggest trading days in oil in years ! ! $ USO , $ WLL
Finally got cartridges for my typewriter this morning . I realized this afternoon that I 've got writers block . fml writerproblems
CHEERS to finishing the first week of clinicals 🍷 careplanwithwine cirrhosis ironic
Divorced 3 times . Wont issue licenses bc of religion . It 's like raiaaaaain on your gay wedding day . ironic
The Southern Poverty Law Center is a hate group that hates hate groups .
Up in Stirling with and look at the weather ironic
How Ironic . Cat Panther
A Darwin award usually awaits such stupidity
poor Derby , spending money , dreaming big & amp ; behind us with no win going into September
it 's Raksha Bandhan today . Indian festival where a sister ties a band around a brother 's wrist for love and protection .
I do n't have a fireplace ! ! ! ironic
Then he comes on and misses a point blank sitter
jamieoliver coke nosugar always used plenty of sugar in his emerging career ironic
Shiggsy Sign at Central Station possiblecontent ironic
Literally i'am in a Metro City , actually i'am in a rural area : -/Irony
I love when people freely speak in support of China while failing to recognize that in China they would not have that freedom . tcot
I 'm up bright and breezy waiting for a mattress to be delivered
So ManCity are buying DeBruyne which will significantly weaken Wolfsburg who are in ManUtd Champs League group BestOfEnemies
Maybe there is a script for it ? healthxph
Twitter not negative at all today
oh the because it affects them - `` with critics charging that the newspapers had sensationalized the killing ''
Watching story on Turing , operation fortitude in WW2 was the biggest hoax of the war , BorderForce
I 'll live . Kidney stuff . Not helped by sitting in a bloody office chair instead of bed + in NEW ER
Good luck to all tonight . Party hard . Sadly , I 'll be home recovering from flu - and up for health report gong . clarions
Meeting a foreigner and speaking with him is easier than meeting a Polish guy with whom you 've been writing for a couple of years ?
Stuart Binny is that batting all rounder in Test who averages lower than bowling all rounder
We ban Indian movies based on content being anti-Pakistan ! But we do nothing abt political parties being funded by RAW
If not sheenamurder ... mediabashing is whats keeping the indian media busy .
What ? Obama 'Will Log More Than 14,000 Miles on Air Force One ' to Lecture on Climate Change
Am I mean for saying the truth ? theuglytruth
You really are a moron . Immune to any attempt at actual conversation . And you accuse others of trolling .
SPaG thanks 😊 my pile is necessary , jeopardy , stationery , illuminate and I forget the others.Dyslexic memory !
any interest to do it ? : - )
Like that 's their only reason to have an opportunity to talk to you ... With a ( sorry ) apology ironic
Jeff Ross pretty much murders it at his jail roast , hilarious
Guardian of terrorism banning ISIS . has just died 😉
If you 're asking for respect , how come you are graving us with these inconvenience ? DeLimaBringTheTruthironic
That moment when Pablo Escobar , mass murderer and drug trafficker , thinks it 's fucked up to kill a dog . ironic
“ : ‘ Nicht alle Tassen im Schrank haben ’ — ‘ to not have all the cups in the cupboard ’ ” NATIMSH ukip ironic
Niggas that do n't have side chicks love talking about having side chicks
Ironic put on weight ( 260 ) I wore tank tops to show off my arms - now back in top shape ( 212 ) where I belong athletically ask wife this ok ?
Man headed to AA meeting killed by drunk driver via ironic
I 'm glad you understand the problem
Because abortion is murder ?
He tried to capitalize on NCAA 's rush to judgement at PSU and now complaining about rush to judgement .
Have politicians come up with a new way of dealing with increased NHS costs by trying to legalise assisted suicide . Debate Sept 11th .
Love appears to be the smallest thing when we weave conditions around it .. and selfless love each one of us seek ..
Alabama governor who called marriage equality a ‘ social experiment ’ slapped with divorce papers
Martinez talking about loyalty , remember when he left the swans ? ironic theywouldhavetodragmefromthisclub
is when a writer complains about his free speech being suppressed but then demands that negative reviews be removed from his products
faciem Despite carrying materials from several centuries , that relies on a resource I did n't have ... time .
They are reiterating the separation of church and state but they are depriving their members the freedom to choose during elections ironic
Life is killing me .
5 Darkest Facebook SecretsShare this to Facebook - Wait ! Oh the ! ! via Creepy Secret
is 10 years younger than me , I 'm an engineer and his contract is worth more than me selling all my organs ! ! ironic mad world
Hmmm ... you attract girls like moths to a flame lol Ironic ILY💜💜💜 polishparty
The JSIL Storm Troopers ... Palestinians will neverforget .
IRONICIs it the same in Brazil now ? YES , it is ...
I am losing followers and losing weight at same time TwitterFact
Had to be on Coquelin did n't it ? ? ironic
Never go full retard . redshirt
getting free food and having to eat it in the Netherlands . There 's a song in it . ironic
The of never ceases to amaze . MHP makeMexicogreat politicalsideshow
Spotify playlist 'Aussie Classic Rock ' full of Split Ends and Dave Dobbyn ironic
died a thousand deaths
Did I just see dcfc Chris Martin telling off lufc Sol Bamba for diving ? ! ironic
When Walcott was on we crossed when Giroud is on we play balls behind the defense
Is it weird that the shittiest people I know of , claim to be the most in tune with God and their religion . ironic
Flashback ironic MemorySeeing thisafter watchingStraightouttacompton & amp ; getting a invitationTo being ...
Dismaland : watch the trailer for Banksy 's 'bemusement park ' – video
That striker set 2 up and scored one last night . I think should look to sign him . Looks handy . COYS
Should n't you be the one finding him since you 've not been in a church for 8 years ? Ironic
thats the beauty oft Android . It allways is a tiny bit different on each device .
My in laws criticized my kids for being on their phones . They now have a tablet and now sit playing online slots while they visit . Ironic
It is amusing to watch the ppl who were too quick to accept Roleder 's explanation attack other ppl for being too quick to reject it ! !
This Harris county sheriff press conference is HILARIOUS . Watching cops plea for the safety of individuals DESPITE what they wear .
We lost so well ...
It 's ironic how the narrative changes when the shooter stands for the same things you do . Obama
sad how labels advertise by giving expensive goods to ppl who can well afford them ! sadstateofaffairs
Bumper sticker reads TakingCareOfBusiness he but does n't have power steering and ca n't park . Houston 🎶🎶🎶
Get home from gym feeling like a badass and starving . Arms so weak I ca n't even beat an egg to make a fucking omelette
Listening to as I start to choke on popcorn . A song by starts to play Ironic TooFunny ImGoodNow
Listening to 'The Needle and the Damage Done ' while getting inked . tattoo
Foggy morning on the Suncoast Trail . cycling bikehappy
Kadavule should be for you for believing a troll to be an Ajith fan .
others do n't have to tell me anything , i live where these laws work . Pot meet kettle though ...
egan seems like I wo n't recognize unless someone says ; - )
At least the celebration was low key ! ! dissapointing Respect should work both ways gleeson
Fix it came to fix something and broke something else ironic
A kid 's version of Corn hole ? budlight secpicnic gogators atxgators atxgata sodamnhot…
`` Wembley connected by yet I struggling to Connect ? Ironic
Ha ! I doubt Thomas would appreciate pulling out the race card on his behalf ! diversity
FourYearStrong Ironic Music Lyrics - Get `` Four Year Strong '' - `` Ironic '' for free on …
The word `` monosyllabic '' ... unable to be understood by those that find it the most useful . ironic
My apologies . For the benefit of some , I will add the following hashtag when appropriate
entendu I saw that book at target next to a book by Hillary Clinton .
The Bible is the most shoplifted book in the world Ironic
Seeing the headlines of TS Erika `` degenerating '' , I could n't help but think , that an Erica we all know is a degenerate FSUTwitter
Mirror image . Ironic mensfashion menstyle fashionblogger fashion tb ootd streetstyle…
Stevenage fans digging at the Daggers attendance having brought just 320 all the way from Hertfordshire
anchor discussing the death and investigation of IndraniMukherjea with ' A Big Smile ' on her face .
I 'm writing a blog post on organization and I ca n't find my hole puncher . ihazit
New level in is the DNC mocking GOP primaries . At least they 're having debates & amp ; letting their voters decide .
ridiculous . But she 's a Virgo . Gon na be very smart ! stupidzodiac
Car Crashes Coincidences That Are So fortunate That It 's Ironic
Stuck in traffic and “ Patience ” by Guns And Roses comes on .
The girl that works at dunkin is drinking Starbucks
Just think Saif Ali Khan 's statements against Pakistan are so idiotic that even Hamza Ali Abassi is appearing smart & amp ; sensible ..
. Chocolate ignored marketing strategy ?
I know a gay man who uses a straightener
When I was all about you , you were not about me , now I 'm not about you and you all about me
I believe it was Alanis Morissette who once sang 'it 's like ray-ee-ayn on your water protest charges day ' ironic yeahireallydothink
After most of the media have left and warnings that YouStink organisers have left the protest , an army of darak is now entering . Ironic
: Xabi Alonso pleading for a second yellow .
Goal : Improve Quality of LifeObstacles : This may require time travel archiveday
LFC after keeping cleansheets in the previous 3 matches conceded 3 goals today . BPL
On Facebook people `` Like '' even if someone feels sick , having fever and headache : Dirony
1pm listening to your new album from start to finish , still in my pjs & amp ; `` Crazy '' comes on .
I like to have rap battles but i ca n't rap .
From the country that brought you Duncan Ferguson .
This man just fainted at CPR/First Aid training class . Ironic FirstHandExperience
Somehow I 'm most productive in my study of Christian theology when listening to Nirvana . theology
Reading Difficult Conversations & amp ; my boss handled a situation exactly how they say not to . This book was distributed to mgmt at work
but but but I do n't believe in evolution . Where is the creationist friendly version of this game ? religionisdumb faith
No , do n't go around breaking conventions . TrumpHatesRules
goths are sad people . Sad people are goths . You are conforming with the non conformist gothsbelike noonegetsme😢
`` Do n't feed the troll '' 😂😂😂
AFCB Eddie Howe moaning about refereeing decisions karma
Which is why your criticism was 'It 's dumb ' ?
This X Factor show looks so amazing , I do hope it 's on next week & amp ; the week after , imagine that ! Pinch me ! Irony XFactor
19 J-Mac talking about loyalty after he jumped ship to go play in KC for slightly more money FlyEaglesFly
Lindsey Graham now using libertarian foreign policy ideas to attack Donald Trump |
`` Broccoli and other trees '' . The new botanical textbook by Tony Nilsson . floraisnotmystrongside
I bet you there no liverpool fans on Twitter now they behind by 2 and guess who scored his first goal 4 city ironic
THEY HAVE SCOTCH ? ! ironic gottagetsome whiskytramps
Watching the sunset at Santorini and then this guy literally blocks my view with his camera notLost
CDA takes notice of it 's own corruption
Little courtesy of kyleedmonster 's sticker collection
Ironic statistic no.1 : At least 4 people have choked on Life alert necklaces . reality doingitwrong
i spelt brainer wrong XFactor
& gt ; RESONS ... SMALLER THAN YOU BRAINreasons yourIrony
Finally got Kilian down for a nap whywontyousleep . And hits me in the face with a power outage . How am i supposed to get stuff done ?
talent and xfactor is n't that a tad ironic 😜😜
I declined a ticket and decided to play all day to save money but ended up going to the boat instead
looks like he got caught with his hands on just the thing he said he hated . TrumpBible
Nothing racial going on here . The woman fked up for being white . Black couple are wonderful citizens though .
' I am not condescending young man ' . Only on celebrity big brother cbb
Spend hours to find productivity tools ? ... and then fail to do so ?
Anybody else see a conflict here ? irony
So have to start again… Greeeeeeaaaatttt ✊🏼 just being ironic - -
TonyBlair the WarCriminal is dissing JeremyCorbyn . has now also been bombed to oblivion .
time is more valuable than money but we need money to spend quality time with those we love .
I love that Norm McDonald who made his career by mocking modern institutions is now the front man for Kentucky Fried Chicken
I cross many paths to assist people and many people have crossed me the in that 😏
He 's in fire ... Lol Not that `` cool '' 😉🔥🔥
I am sitting enjoying a glass of sauvignon blanc while looking out of the window at a sign reading 'Alcohol Free Area '
So , Ford should n't have a plant in Mexico , but your clothing is made there ?
As a flight attendant for years I asked passengers what is a GF meal -- entire time was a celiac ironic NZ , AU & amp ; IT GFadvanced
When they say that a last place team could beat a first place team , they was n't joking about that dread.Hahahaha . pseudobestleague
Most ironic license plate ? BYU weed 420 funny
Rita to Cheryl : `` Do people really not know they ca n't sing ? '' XFactor RitaSpeaksTheTruth
Thank you for inspiring my son 's first purely ironic purchase . hotpocket ironic
Venetians are always complaining that there are too many tourists : maybe this is way of reducing the numbers .
I donated to a cancer society while I was smoking a cigarette .
It 's just occurred to me that `` headroom '' and `` overhead '' can be antonyms ironic
Tim Tebow may end up with a better career than RGIII . RGIII whowouldhavethunk
you 're right , let 's not think about future and let 's support Maria against that such nice girl in R1 ironic
Lets just say your post hit at a very poignant time !
Liberals are offensive to me yet the laws they hate give them the rights to be offensive . Ironytcot RedNationRising
Eating salted caramel truffles debating the drive to the gym in this crazy wind .
These Tories lecture the ALP & amp ; unions about governance ! ironySenior Liberals should accept blame for Mantach farce
I supported this tweet until it made women look bad by saying women make women look bad ironic
Banksy has become a millionaire from a society and people he hates . ironic
I just saw an Amish person texting while driving
The power would be out all over Seattle the day we play the Chargers . badjoke
`` that 's dangerous reckless play '' - Martin Keown
There 's a black fly in my Chardonnay ironic
Oh my fucking god they are soooooo good and they are n't even British ... XFactor 4thpower
Gael hmm and is the one conflating them all .
Did lose power too ? Their outtage map is not working . BCstorm
the of u guys on The HONDA CIVIC tour at FORD field
danger of crossing or the plant ? roadsign sign
Food for thought ......... Ironic Understand Life Sadness and Happiness go hand in handSilence…
Eng whether or not this is legitimate , it has the ingredients of a good joke
What ’ s the risk you ’ re waiting to take until things are safe enough ? ( Catch the there ? )
We can not be more 'lovingly ' critical of a govt that preaches 'democracy ' but practices parliamentary 'autocracy ' . FijiPol BlackOut
The lady I babysit for just meet my mom due to seeing my sister and thinking it was me at Sinai smallworld ironic 💉💊🏥
Burial place of F. Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald , near a busy intersection in Rockville MD .
gupta yup very much by supporting Laloo ...
Started playing NWA and the cops showed up
Most Times Your Pickiness is the Exact Reason why you Pick the WRONG Person ironic RelationshipProblems
Image via We Heart It cake cookie food funny
It 's like 10,000 spoon when all you need is a knife ironic alanismorrissette ....
talked to a dude worth millions today that said , `` I 'd rather be free '' irony
IronyMan wearing anti-government t-shirt thanks firefighters for saving his home : via
The hopeless giving hope to those that are hopeful . of life
That moment when everyone is working quietly until the librarian rolls up and practically shouts across the reading room . ironic
BCHydro 's `` get info on outages '' page is `` down for regular maintenance '' during big storm . BadTiming
Homophobic Christians love a man and ( in certain sects ) symbolically put his flesh into their mouth to show their love for himirony
`` Smart people '' all seem to think everyone else should live a certain way . Should n't people just live in a way that makes them happy .
that 's funny . I thought I was the nice one . The sharing is caring voice .
It 's amazing Rosario gets hurt & amp ; I believe he never goes so early like Lezcano with Frosted and that may have been breather AP neededIrony
Imagine being told you ca n't sing by Cheryl Cole/whatever it is now . whendoesitend
Everything 's coming up roses ... ironic gopher
Kid has a `` no whining '' sticker on one side of his bumper and a `` free Brady '' one on the other side . typical pats fan gobigblue
“ Passion and Pride ” MLS commercial on the TesVee now .
And has a bleeding heart increasethequota but dislikes Asian migrants at the same time . howconvenient
Reading bottom ticker on NFL Network . 1st message- Skins make TW highest paid OT in NFL2nd message- RG3 concussed , will not playIrony
Props to the social media intern who selected this graphic for humor coincidence
Power outage in town everywhere . Even the power company 's website is down .
Eating my migraine medicine with iced chocolate ironic
My cell reception soooo much better at IrvineMeadowsAmp than while it was formerly known as VerizonWirelessAmp
Clumsy affair . Interagency coordination fail , & amp ; publicly too ! Was meant to demonstrate cohesion . facepalm
I remember we used to make fun of Andrew and now he 's one of my best friends
Superbad in the break room ironic
fournier what trans mode did we see all over news delivering Obama 'refugees ' from all of creation ?
Celebrating 's 34th Anniversary as a `` guest of Peter . '' cc PilipinosLubPeter…
The govt of a state where half of its population are still forced to leave in dark will talk about their pride today . ApmanRally
For their safety , escorted by police .
using the last precious % s of battery reading about the wind storm that caused me to have a few last % s of battery ironic alanis
war hero of the game introduced to an organ rendition of bob marley 's `` everything is gon na be all right '' .
literally that was Iftikhar , but by law those were 5 members of EC , they denied to resign instead of getting punishment
When people object replacing a Murderer like Aurangzeb with Messenger of Peace like Dr Kalam , we are heading towards self-destruction
Do as we say , not as we do . coupcoupland Fiji
It 's so funny that king James was a homosexual
Boredom on a Saturday night ... is what I live for . Ohhhhh I ca n't help but sing this tweet . Cause I 'm bored . I hate the word bored .
read many articles that have stated the community does n't want an ER shelter . yet much of the community is in documented
The Supergirl commercial with leigh in a plane that 's about to crash ... So uncool ! Idontappreciatethat
When one 'warns ' against sedition , it helps when one is an expert in the matter , in so far as 2000 & amp ; 2006 was concerned . FijiPol
After working at Starbucks this morning , I 'm now sitting in a starbucks watching my online class marketing video talk about Starbucks
You finally found the man of your dreams . . . With his beautiful wife . ironic
Nothing more poetic than seeing killian drop a butterfingers
the question is if they want to be a doctor then why they studied O A levels ? Why not pre medical ?
stamps today said `` blue magic '' in red ink 😂😂
ironic nice timing on this promo I 'd like to do some DiscoverBCHydro in my house first please BCstorm
So just made enough money to fix my phone screen , but busted it even more during the act . fml fuckmyphone
The ability to see the in everything .... is . a. curse .
It 's stupid how girls/celebs spend HOURS putting on a ton of make-up to get a `` natural '' look😭 Plastering on make-up to look natural Ironic
when the most judgmental people I know talk bad about people that judge
... been 9 hrs in mount Pleasant and feels like camping indoors , meant to camp Birkenhead Lake PP this wknd . ironic
Retweeted Vandhna Devi Narayan ( ) : Do as we say , not as we do . coupcoupland Fiji
There are lesbians who think they know women better than men do or think they think like men . They usually own strap-ons
A deathrow pardon , 2minutes too late . ironic
`` ... Now please , let me enjoy my four beers '' Fallout3 Ironic
Totally blind , yet I ca n't seem to finish a scene without putting visual elements in it . ironic
Irony : Rev . Jim Jones gave benediction at SF 's Golden Gate Br suicide rail . Thanks & amp ; ! I Strange
This is exactly like ten thousand spoons when all you need is a knife . ironic
Republicans say U should be able to carry guns everywhere . Proof they don ’ t mean it . Guns banned at NRA events
You obviously did not see our tumblr post .... lol
is lost on clueless wingnuts
Intervention by StreetArtist is quite provocative , satirical , funny & amp ; ironic !
People who just spam for attention for no real reason . ToontownAnnoyances
With tonight 's win over Baltimore , Rangers equaled their 2014 win total of 67 , while Orioles equaled their 2014 loss total of 66 .
♫Nowplaying alanismorissette Life is Ironic u know ? ®
Oops via
Your favorite song is Let Me Love You- Mario . lol ironic
The day the electrician comes to ( almost ) finalize the renos is the same day we do n't have electricity . BCHydro blackout
Hey ! Dm me if you want to come see me do stand up . Spoiler alert : I 'll do it while sitting down .
Celebrating Kaisahan of San Jose 's 34th Anniversary as a `` guest of Peter . '' PilipinosLubPeter…
Spend all working week feeling sleep-deprived & amp ; tired - then randomly wake up on a Sun morning of bankholidayweekend at 7.15 aaaagh !
Everybody in loves wannabe single and everybody single wannabe in love
Playing Scrabble , thinking about my next write up 😊 TUF
Eye Robot is LW SJW 's promoting efforts by 1 % ers to strip rights of avg people . gunsense elitism
2006 : Bainimarama threatens to overthrow democratically elected govt 2015 : Fijipol
Stop Communicating 24/7 ; Rejuvenate With Solitude ( via )
Citizens for Democracy shocked that citizens demand to rename Aurangzeb Rd to Dr Kalam was fulfilled by govt
In a bizarre fashion , when I was unemployed and flat broke , I did the exact same thing and , I 'll bet , felt just as isolated !
Watching GleeFinn- You ca n't ask me to choose between you and football.Rachel- Well I am.Me- Choose football ... ironic
Amazing that he did n't see the before tweeting auspol
A chauvinist bigot calling herself a `` Feminist '' gunsense
Every time I close my eyes I see you
dox perhaps we may be too serious for levity
'Straight Outta Compton ' is n't playing in Compton because the city does n't have any theaters via
It is ok that I dont have these things , but I wont tolerate if u dont have these things .. mind it ... irony
Update : I walked into a stop sign
I love how you guys complained that Meram does n't produce enough , and then he knocks NYCFC out of the playoffs .
Well I 'm gon na miss the Supermoon cos I 'm still at the doctor 's after 4 hours . So but I 'm still not gon na watch it online .
Everyone wants to go to heaven , but no one wants to die
you 'll only hav to answer tat . You 're tweeting as though some other channels are alone doing it and NDTV is not . sick
Just checked out website and it 's slow-loading . Also , main nav menu is troublesome .
I wish , I could use this word often .....
Kentucky Clerk who refuses 2 perform samesex marriages marries transgender man to wife homophobia lgbt
It ’ s so ironic how I ’ m fighting people ’ s demons & amp ; my own demon is still living inside of me.irony
Downsizing and wondering why I have so many cookbooks when I ca n't cook .... And then I remember I was collecting them . amreading
a lot is two words ironic
Jens is not very bright . LOL
Ironic that 's Anti-Theft Protection Offer on the New York Chain does not extend to residents of New York City .
It 's only in Kenya U can see ... KenyansAgainstDisappearances n when r cornered by this criminals , u only hear .. Where is Government
Here is a guy who has thrashed his wife @ Panji Airport ! AND this is not a news worth running for 24 hrs .
a lot of Labour voters tell Tory , Lib Dem , Green Party voters they are wrong , selfish , naive ! ironic
The lovely Tamara Mellon has launched a pair of tights/Leggings/Boots called `` Sweet Revenge '' Ironic FashionFail
Those who could n't put a check on onions n pulses pricesare talking about low inflation n Indian GDP
said with shades on .... ironic
10K spoons when all you need is a knife ... I dunno , I need more spoons right now ironic mentalhealth
Sunday irony—a bold claim for one who clearly did n't avoid pizza . 😈 Freethought Corpulence
The same twilight zone in which Obama is still allowed to be POTUS . lol tcot
And I could n't go to either of the top two . accepted noscholarship
I only know one way . The wrong way . sign jk
the rally is more about defaming modi and they have named it as swabhimann rally .
I post a tweet about a housing development being built on a green field and a real estate agent follows me ironic
Some Historians , so called `` liberals '' having problems with naming Aurangzeb road as Abdul Kalam !
Nigerian Government pleading with them .
on Sunday follows suit with ironic coverage of mofarah and immigration demands sundaypapers
Err ... promoted tweet needs cleavage show so that they will attract more hits
We can live life without letting anyone speak truth into us , yet convince ourselves we 're the most open minded people in the world .
We 're about to see Austentatious and we 're sitting directly behind George Osbourne ... WTFringe edfringe2015 budgetcutstothearts ironic
Sitting behind the legend himself ... edfringe2015 WTfringe budgetcutstothearts ironic
Power 's out - we 're still having church ! energy @ City Church Chicago
Just had a man speak to me in an almost indecipherable manner . He had a shirt with the slogan `` I want you to speak English '' on it .
Y do u call it swaabhimaanrally . . . Its
This extrovert is winding down after a great DMBDenver weekend with a Introvert . Ironic
One supposed 'non-scientific ' fact rebutted with no scientific evidence !
Ahh there 's a heart disease advert right after one for McDonalds
missed it last night so watching it now . I do find it ironic and are judging a talent contest though !
To prove that Mulcair has n't moved to the right , NDP supporters sharing a piece from the Toronto Sun . elx42
There are many who are the constant source of happiness for many people yet inside , they are the ones constantly broken and lonely .
is screaming out loud her ironic . TVK2Finale credibility objectivity
Those poor dogs were in better condition than that lifeless scumbag before he got involved Kerala India
MyPOV : that was fun . first time i had to update my resume in 10 years for a non-profit . Cant ’ they just read my LinkedIN ? = ) SVlife
Yesterday was a special day . Strange . Why is it that the ones who 're forgotten remember , & amp ; the ones who 're remembered forget ? life
The 2 people that should be the most proud of me are the 2 most disappointed in me . imoverit imnotsad
That 's a lie !
The previously colonised fleeing to the land of the colonisers .
Catholic . Pope is God 's direct rep. Pope . Climate change is real . Catholic Well that 's like his opinion man . pope climateaction
Man whose religion believes angels are real insists Corbyn supporters are out of touch with reality .
100 % dude gona base down Bordeaux just got the RW & amp ; B viper stipes for the car
Culzean castle . Military reenactment thing on . Kiddy-oan Nazi just bagsied a table in the cafe by dumping all his gear on it .
she is n't a rapist . Just forced Josie to penetrate her ( not rape by CDC )
Presstitutes aajtak is projecting Lalu Yadav a good leader ... ApmanRally
There is nothing silent about your majority . Loud and proud ! BlueLivesMatter WarriorsLivesMatter War
Went to a cop 's wedding last night and all the officers sang every word to trap queen . fettywap
Ideas ? 'Shop local ' would be a good start !
u said something n i tried cross verification with right ppl n now u n yr clowns r doing personal attact .
We spend our whole lives wanting to grow up only to find when we do we wish we 'd stayed young . ironic CherishEveryDay
Yes - Evidence is often a distraction , is n't it Tony !
How ironic Abbott 's storm troopers have a union borderforce lol auspol
Sometimes your sense of can go too far . 'Free Candy ' Van Upsets Sacramento Residents via
I am quitting smoking because of lazy weed dealers . ithoughtyallwashustlers
The proton discoverer was born on an 8/30 & amp ; the electron discoverer died on an 8/30 .
If Gaelic football is all about being tough why do n't those lads just fight instead ? footballwithyourhands
As would have it , the song I despise most , is covered by my favourite acappella group : cc .
Ca n't get any better than listening to a dude with the MEAN Gingivitis brag about his `` freshness '' . tonight was doin ' a double shift .
Same song back to back on completely different stations isthisasign hideaway wheredothegoodboyshide
A TBI survivor trying to research help for TBI online . Search pages result in overload . Maybe tomorrow will be better . TBIsux
LOL These art teaching geniuses sending petition to concerning possible privacy violation in India
Anyone else see the irony ? ? ? daylesford ironic richpeopleproblems
Funny how the candidate trying to paint themselves as more honest than Hillary .
has a lot to say about enforcing laws , but refuses to follow his own . hypochristie TellingItLikeItIs
So , Mawra Hocane Has No Hate For India For Making Anti-Pakistan Film . But Alot Of Hate For Shaan Because He Was Anti-Mawra !
In a `` man 's world '' a woman is heard more than a man on men 's issues . Privilege
Right-wing nutjobs view Obama as the Antichrist . In reality their eager support of is ushering in the apocalypse .
Big brother tells scoop off for using the n word then tells him he 's FREE to leave CBBScoop cbb
Dave confused Adele with Alanis Morrisette . I replied `` Someone like you oughta know . '' ironic
h basically you can steal a country and kill thousand BUT ONLY if you believe ... ironic jesusSaves ctrl-s
This is spot on ! I hate being ordered around except when I do n't know what to do . lol ironic
phone jst reminded me I do actually hv smthg 2 look frwrd 2 at wrk this week-chili dogs for lunch tmrw.looks lk the high pt is Mon .
Braves scored so many runs on two outs last couple of years .
India will suffer if it attacks Pakistan : Khawaja Muhammad Asif , Defence minister -
Faisal Qureshi 's video was misogynistic . Who better to explain this point , than Mr. Qureshi himself ?
Club Brugge have beat Standard Liege 7-1 today after losing 7-1 on aggregate to Man United midweek ironic MUFC
he was the waiting for the foul rather going for goal
The dude 's handle is based on a player who would n't be here without the manager he 's slagging off .
Chicharito is off to Lerverkusen it seems . On a day when it 's evident we need reinforcements up front , we let another CF go .
ItBeLikeThat DeadAss Gut hangin out and everything Lmao ... That shirts Ironic though hahaaaa
When people brag about being humble
Those who see themselves as savior of Hinduism , do n't know what Hinduism is .
Wenger likens him to Pires . Called him a real goal scorer at the World Cup .
for me , this shoe was U-Mich ; it `` fell off '' because the rent ( out-of-state tuition ! ) was too damn high !
Author : Julie Weed - An Entrepreneur Asks Her Customers To Arrive High -
So I had just started praying to the Lord asking him to send us some rain when this comes on the radio !
millar from a club relying on crisis loans .
. won the perception check ... but could n't find her perception modifier on her sheet without help . dnd
Ok Jenna 's a porn star but pulls the `` religion '' card lol ironic
Found a lost TTC Lost Item reporting pad . fb
Jenna Jameson wo n't eat Sausage
when you got money you do n't have to scout well 😜 , I 'm a gunner btw
We just talked about this last night with all the bats around ! ironic
Funny how she uses social media- apps created by white people- to spread her hatred of ... white people .
Army The of this phat-lus phantom is .. they can only do these heroic acts in a movie with Ms. Kaif .. we do real !
Where 's Bugs here ? BNW Ironic
Not saying this one is ... crap big book bigbook hamptons thehamptons theparrish…
Janice Dickinson `` I 'm not being patronising ..... Little boy '' cbbjanice CBB
Hehehe Wannawatch some animals destroy drones ? - Aug. 14 , 2015 [ video ] ironic
train left early ! ! ? Is n't it meant to be late ! Never early ! ironic firstworldproblems
I 'm trying not to laugh and go off right now . The is literally killing me . How do you not see it ? ! ? ! ? ! Really WakeUp Ironic
Oh no ! Mon morning and I have Bruno Mars ' song in my head tidayidontfeellikedounganything ironic cos I 'm 🏃💃🙌
I 'm confused that they 're fighting religion beliefs yet they believe in one God , but just in a different perspective . ironic
When everyone gets ready for the vmas Lady Gaga prepares her new music that will slay the next VMAS 👊🏼
Transfer rumours spread by people with no apparent inside knowledge are discredited by people with definitely no inside knowledge
Thx to the a-holes preaching outside the Pride festival yest . for allowing me to demonstrate `` turning the other cheek '' for my kids .
here 's hoping that they pull something out of the fire - seems that we are missing Benteke now .
xoxoxoxo I 'm trying on my for size today .
. sends important tweet to people whose devices are without power . FYI ironic
omg ur so redundant smh how ironic 😂😂
watching America 's next top model while eating Oreo cheesecake
Reading The Girl On The Train on the train ironic
JopeTarai : RT veedeeann : Do as we say , not as we do . coupcoupland Fiji
Does having a no sign ... a sign ? Irony
Israel have been angry for 70 odd year but u 'd think they 'd be more civilised and not use Nazi tactics
Reporter : You can afford to resign ? Me : Yes , in part b/c I 'm married to a university administrator and they 're insanely overpaid.irony
OMGthe sheer there is intense
😂 my bad , I said I do n't know why she wannacome here and yeah she 's chilling in DXB
Hark at Jenna ( porn star ) & amp ; Farrah ( sex tape star ) criticising Chloe for PDAs with her actual boyfriend ! CBB
The Apple Shop in Shibuya , Tokyo does n't take Apple Pay noapplepayinjapan ADE2015
. asaurus You forgot this :
“ : Before Evel Knievel was a stuntman he was an insurance salesman .
Swans beat MUFC again ! Even Moyes beat Swansea while he was the boss VanGaalOut ironic moneycantbuyyoustones bpl HatTrick win
Of course I see that it is NATO vehicles
LVG has played and lost to Swansea three times . ironic
Exactly where are the 'seven mountains ' ? zevenbergen ironic Lowlands
DinosaurBritain om ITV being advertised showing a pterodactyl flying over the HouseOfCommons
As I go through my SoundCloud account and delete artists I was following by default a podcast called Cleaning House was listed .
he does n't respect talking about another mans character , he gets to be an a tho
Chris Brown in a new movie where he stalks and abused a woman . Quite a stretch for him . ChrisBrown NOMOREexcuses nomore
Listening to a sermon on patience while stuck in traffic ironic instantapication
So Who looted our countries from so many yrs are now trending LandBillVictory . died . Why INC forgets all its sins ? . Modi s only hope
Although avoidable , u 'll most likely end up in the same place as the atheists u engage on Twitter . Common trait : pride .
Editing a blog post 4 workplace circulation feels like duct tape across my mouth . running pottymouth
Tired of drama , but I 'm drama queen ! !
Email misatkes ? Like not spellchecking , perhaps ? ; - ) ironic
Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette , but I was using it to charge my book . The future is stupid
Gujjar community in Raj r going 2block highways , Railways & amp ; essential commodities movement to Delhi . Delhi CM to support their cause .
Ironic that a bunker that 's supposed to withstand nuclear fallout gets damaged by rain
Work was cool . Got to trim a crazy ass pit bull 's nails and play with a dog named Doogie that has sever diarrhea . NotAllPitsAreBad ironic
Only one company is allowed to produce the game 'Monopoly '
the only time of year MTV plays ( partial ) music vids is during the VMAs
Sometimes you just do n't want to share
Leveled up a bunch of ancients in ClickerHeroes today and used half my hero souls doing so . Feel so behind now .
Can anyone point out the in this ? america milwaukeemustache milwaukee god eagle beard
“ : RBS CEO Ross McEwan spoke to students in Edinburgh about treating customers well ”
90 % of your twitter following is determined by a good handle .
holy shit Taylor Swift singing Bad Blood with Nicki igetit
Melody to MJ 's `` They Do n't Really Care About Us '' played at National Day Celebrations . Loving the subtle hint .
'Hillary for Prison ' signs keep getting stolen `` left wing wackos '' says guy with `` Hillary 4 Prison '' signs .
this is hilarious . symbolism
Does Family really matter ? | ironic | creative labs ™ | rebelliousfreedom creative missing
I think there 's some to having and not having service in an airport that sells docomo wifi . Bangalore
so the new CD is appropriately named Burning Bridges whorunsyourPR WTF
Funny how it 's impossible to workout & amp ; spot reduce but slip a little on your eating habits & amp ; it goes straight to certain areas
I 'm surprised , of all people , the lumberjack guy is the one who cuts himself GroceryGames
Also just got diagnosed with testicular cancer Ironic
Looks like 's MTV VMA 's Periscope is having connection issues
Greece sweet sweet revenge corrupt Germany
Majority of great rulers end in great tragedies
Lol Nicki just asked `` where are all my dudes at that are getting their OWN money ? ''
Probably thought he 'd run into Martens and get a red card/PK .
So all the pumpkin stuff is out and it 's going to be Summer again .
Does he have 10000 spoons but all he needs is a knife ? ironic
Believe it or not , I heard this on the radio today !
Just saw the Insomnia Cookies delivery guy nod off in the front window ironic
this is the Blackest VMAs since forever and ai n't a Black person part of it .
.. so tell me , Grace College , how am I gon na pay off my debt without a job ? seriously ironic dumb perksofbeingacollegegrad tweetrantover
Was doing sum bumps off my Winger album & amp ; looked up 2 see sum 17 year old 's looking at me from outside my van . ironic
VMAs2015 Nikki just thanked her pastor for winning an award for the Anaconda video ... huh
Lol I tweet about celibacy then a damn porn Twitter account follows me ... ironic
just watching a movie and it ended.Now the VMAs are on and I feel the need to poop Coincidence or ironic
NYRB fan groups are all that is bad with New York City , steal everyone 's culture and pretend you invented it
When everyone knows 's goal except for Grace . ironic
Last bottles for the year I think . 10 in 2 days is enough for the rest of the year . Academic work on my mind now . Nonssa Ampedu
Just wrote an essay about how I dislike reading and now I have to read like 50 pages out of a textbook
`` im not gon na break anything '' drops an egg less than 10 seconds later thiskid ironic
They took longer to recap the competition than it was to preform the competition . bb17
The guy behind us has food but no utensils to eat it with . ironic
to a evil man the good guy is the bad guy
Follow me on Snapchat Last nite I was telling people 2 give fam love & amp ; this morning 2 of my fam members were shot . Ironic
I teach my clients how to be responsible adults and hold down a household . Today I ate cold spaghetti and 4 grapes for breakfast .
Go figure , the high school guidance counselor survives the apocalypse . FearTWD FearTheWalkingDead
So basically Heavenly 's husband did n't realize he needed to say something til his wife told him to . Lol ironic Married2Med
. Kind of similar2 Richard Dawkins who learns from his mistakes & amp ; is always owns up . ohwait
it 's ironic that the Bersih4 protesters want malaysia to emulate Singapore but ca n't really mount a gathering IN SINGAPORE
Such a coincidence but I met China when she was 22 and she was at At & amp ; t
Enjoyed the BBC BigBlueLive seems ironic days before the dreaded 1st Sept when Japan starts to slaughter them .
is she moving . Maybe I would know this if I had FB .
MTV is sure making Downtown LA look all glamorous ! ! lol
by growing the entity that is the problem . ironic now u can see y it 's not so ez
ironic `` But , in [ 2011 ] , I had no real sense of the difference between trend and history or between fads and values ''
Everyone at mcdonalds including me has a planet fitness sticker on their cars ironic
except u want gov't to pay for BC so can do what u do in ur bedroom .
I just finished The Zoo Keeper 's Wife . ironic
Fury Sure , never . And his tweets did n't describe in details the real situation .
... '' sternness or severity of manner or attitude . ''
I ♡ and would love 2 go 2 my 1st game but it sux I cant even get my $ back from their D.C store in S.A .... 2 weeks agoIronic
I love when parents of millennials complain about millennials being poorly parented . nottheirkidsthough
bit like Springborg saying he and Newman understood and supported the separation of powers ?
Why the HELL are the VMAs being shown on ComedyCentral ? MTV is irrelevant to music and that 's the saddest can get .
= A site about ecommerce running WordPress that COMPLETELY misses on SO MANY levels -- & gt ;
all staying in one room KHI
Sadly , I think is approaching the moment where she becomes the HannahMontana persona she distanced herself from . ?
. `` This selective attitude to the law is part of the cultural problem that has been revealed '' BY THE JUDGE TURC
Are the vmas trying to get serious and promote feelings ! ? ! ? blessed thankyougod feelings wtf HigherThoughts
`` honours for his award '' , VMAs VMAs2015
Kanye wins the Vanguard award at the VMA 's . Should have gone to Beck ! Someone should have knocked it out of his hands ! Kanyesadick
Struggles of live-tweeting : you can miss big stuff if you 're looking at your phone . Thanks , , for helping me catch up .
presenting the vanguard award to is awesome
Taylor giving Kanye the VanGuard award . ironic
Kanye does n't get award shows ... But he is up there receiving an award VMAs2015 ironic
a 12+ min acceptance speech and `` it ai n't about me '' ?
I hate people who subtweet ironic
When you ca n't sleep because WildestDreams is keeping you up ironic perfection
Watching the mtv VMAs . singing `` Freedom '' with a giant logo plastered on his ass . branded
When your TV provider does n't provide quality TV . 😒
Taylor presenting Kanye an award VMAs
Tori Kelly has built a fanbase via because MTV no longer plays music videos . VMAs
Kaise din aa gaye hain , now we have to depend on Rohit Sharma & amp ; Stuart Binny to win the match for us indvsl
Ca n't wait for taylor swift to present Kanye his award . VMAs
Remember Davis was a democrat . Oh the
of Life . So true . All about money ...
This was the 3rd year in a row that I 've missed the VMAs because I was shooting a MusicVideo .
According to local news tonight , PalmSprings rents have increased 20 % . True . And ironic since it MATCHES the CRIME increase . fail
Pge4 : on 'weight loss bollocks ' . Pge9 : huge ad for weight loss bollocks . weekendpaper
I felt that way too
is coming to anchorage to talk about global warming and we have snow turning the mountain tops white .
I 'm like the biggest fan for the knit-like-stretchy material BUT not that turtle neck thing . YET they always come together ! ?
Could be wrong , but , I do n't remember MTV being so blatantly supportive of drug use in recent history . 😬 all while showing truth ads
When I 'm bored I study . And when I have to study , I get so damn lazy . ironic collegelife stuDIE…
I find it quite an that selfish people think EVERYTHING is about themselves ... except life lessons on selfishness .
Call me old , but missing the days when going to a bookstore was exciting . Now i would only do so for a cup of coffee
Well well well , do n't know if I 'll shout or doublestandards or both .
Lol I love all of the people who are all hardcore about the u.s. and politics but somehow hate how anyone can run for president ...
Remember , kanye west is famous ( and very rich ) mainly because of the words he says into microphones . VMAs
Funniest part of Kanye 's speech : `` It ai n't about me , Bro ! '' VMAs VMAs2015 idiocracy
yet you have a gun in YOUR profile pic
Reservations are for which a major part of nation dies fighting . We have a law too to protect the reserved if call them by cast .
No shit ! ! ! Is honoring now .... the continues wtf VMAs
I missed you favoriting my tweet about the crap internet because my iPod would n't load . ironic
A little post-concert nutrition . Do n't you guys think we should have a endorsement ? ironic veritasfive
MTV will replay this to get more ratings . ironic awkward
Do n't be that person making anything & amp ; everything an issue ! ItsAJoke EveryoneAVictim LightenUpAmerica
thinks those who serve in the British Armed Forces are worthless extremists . Martin sleeps safe & amp ; sound in his bed
I say `` you do n't know the true meaning of suffering '' as a white male in America .
LOL y'all voted for Fetty Wap and he was probably like im not going to those slum VMAs . VMAs
I 'm watching your half hour on Hulu & amp ; after your joke about the Puerto Rican cashier it cut to a Spanish T-Mobile ad .
does n't understand Award Show and yet here he is accepting a VANGUARD AWARD .. kaynewest vma
He got this award for communicating effectively through music VMAs kanyewest
Lol so Palin equalized Jesus : who has compassion for ppl regardless of race and is humble , with Trump ! wtf
Over a million girls in India are dying to date Zayn Malik and he goes and dates an Indian gal based in London 1D ZaynMalik VMA
if someone has only gone to BM through one of these concierge services ... they 've never really been to BM
PTI Karachi travels from Karachi to Islamabad to sit on the computer and surf the net : )
and who runs that account ? ? ? Someone famous for nothing ? ? ironic hatersgonnahate
Someone eve teasing a girl no one gives a fuck A boy holds his girlfriend 's hand and every one start losing their minds - -ironyPalash
I will never download because of how much it 's shoving it 's advertising down our throats advertising
There are positive routines and there are pointless routines- evaluate your own . Do n't get caught in the braindraingeneration
Still not over WildestDreamsMusicVideo emotionalwreck ironic dead
I have a healthier respect for things that will cripple me than will kill me DeepThoughts Ironic LotsOfOverlap
For those following TURC , DysonHeydon has announced he will STAY on as corruption Commissioner . JobsForTheBoys auspol
Now these people ai n't gon na let kayne finish
i find it funny that radio stations be like `` traffic is bad , drive carefully '' and then say , text us on xxxx if u see any traffic .
Did just say classy in a sentence ? zeroclass
lol @ how my nausea medicine made me vomit .
Omg I hit enter on that tweet about the CoolForTheSummer performance and right after that Iggy Azalea comes out of the stage .
We need to build a wall around Wall Street .
Anti-smoking commercials during an awards show that has largely glorified smoking . VMAs
. are a bunch of pussies who deleted Bond 's torture scene in casinoroyale in favor of an additional Viagra commercial
It 's weird that I 'll never forget the week I just had even though I do n't remember a majority of it WelcomeWeek2015
Pot calling the kettle black ? Idiocracy
How ironic and VMAs
passport in hand , check . commit any crimes , nope . yet u know what we Californians fear the most - & gt ; BEING PUT IN A MEXICAN JAIL ! ! !
I do enjoy this shot . Just saying .
Did I just hear right ? cbb2015 CBBJenna says she ca n't eat sausage cos she 's Kosher !
Hundreds of thousands flee Syria . English mother and family go to Syria .
Do you thin you are having a bad day ? Life
Wor Lass has won 5 in a row and going for a 6th at Newcastle today
zero deaths at the front today , 1 policeman died in Kiev after explosion ukraine
Smile its Monday mondaymotivation goingagainstthegrain or mondaystartnewbeginnings : p
People who get comfortable too soon makes me uncomfortable . ironic
via Mondaymusing : forms of life words art expression
That awkward moment when 10th wicket partnership is better than this . INDvsSL cricket
Trump representing the disadvantaged ? ironic QandA
Coach who threatened a breach notice himself gets ... A BREACH NOTICE ! NRL
I love airports and security controls NO RaOnHolidays fb
Repost glamourliss00 with repostapp . bitch bitchesbelike lolsarcarsm ironic
First song on the way to work coming back from vacation : `` VACATION '' by the Go-go 's .
Funniest thing I 've read all year ! I especially like how he slated awards shows whilst accepting an award Ironic
Just opened my new book as `` Go Your Own Way '' comes on
O'Connell St , Dublin , Saturday . After the rain , after the water xharhes protest . freewater waterprotest …
On our way to frightfest : ) trainselfie toocool forskool
when u ca n't pronounce remedial
Love the desktop utilities from Gnome 3 . So rock solid , usable and mature .
Indian Ship 'Varaha ' gifted to SriLanka .. Only Country which Equips it 's Enemy.IronySaveIndia From Mindless Politician .
im not saying u r nor im but its dilemma if u said something against him ppl question ur Love 4 country
Best part about dual-tracking , is twice the fun ! StudioLife
So after Traitor , u r also un educated if u disagree with FQ video . Slow clap
Off to see the Levellers later with and ....... Beautiful Day ? ? ? irony
InOtherNews , I bought a stress ball to help me out in situations like this one , but I ca n't find it , which is causing more stress .
`` We gon teach the kids not to be controlled by brands bruh '' vmas stfu
gulps down thanks . I 'm bitchy today . And they 're making me do my ethics and code if conduct training right now .
Total bummer that Wes Craven died today 😕 oh the horror rip
Indeed especially since McKinley ( the prez ) never visited Alaska the smh reiders Denali
No caption needed . ironic
I should be at gym already . But I 'm watching reruns of greatbritishbakeoff
Dear , I 've I subscribed from your mailing list 3 times . And I 'm still getting multiple emails a day . STOP IT . remarriage
McNally1 Bates and yet we can not assess the lancet authors coi since it was done anonymously
Guess I want love so bad cuz I never been loved . ironic
HoHoHo ! . If you ask any of them why they claim victory , they ca n't even answer straight .. & amp ; they say LYING IS A SIN IglesiaNiCristo
I 've lived in the two most dangerous cities in the U.S . Ironic 😂😂😂😂😂
Washing off mud from today 's run , listening to rain beating on window and Top 100 summer songs on britishsummer
In Nathaniel show here in the Philippines it says gambling and drinking is bad but we still do both and we promote it to its fullest
My African American President the 😂™
Damn . My errors in grammar are caused by auto correct . ironic
Email newsletter telling me about a new pre-processor for adding typographic sophistication to HTML .
Anti-Gun Joyce Foundation funds research showing the `` Gun Show Loophole '' & amp ; `` Internet Gun Sales '' are a myth .
Christian by name but not by nature
Commander of Jabhat Tahrir Syria has reportedly defected to the IS affiliated Liwa Shuhada Yarmouk in Daraa countryside Syria
Wake up to hear will run for president in 2020 . Lmao . Yeah , and I 'm gon na run a marathon . NeverGonnaHappen PipeDream
I ca n't even get 4G when driving past Vodafones HQ
It 's the 31st August . And it sounds like the August winds have arrived . Just in time for Spring Day tomorrow
I 've to admit , these pictures are the crappiest looking ever ... & lt ; 3 ScanningTime GACKT
5h Fans hating on AshtonIsWorthIt ShesKindaHotVMΑ was fan based ? MTVHitsLA 1DDragMeDown 5SOSFAM
Anyone else think it 's massively ironic `` Steadfast Commitment '' was used in the statement regarding CEO of AshleyMadison stepping down ?
First time in ages I 've been on a train running on time . On a rail strike day . Oh the
What ’ s better : a billionaire outbidding everyone for the US Presidency , or billionaires picking the candidates for the US Presidency ?
Slow-melting ice cream ingredient discovered by scientists - IN SCOTLAND ! ! !
Second song on the radio : HOLIDAY ROAD by Lindsey Buckingham . weouttatime
Was n't it supposed to be about teachers being able to work it out for themselves and not being told what to think/do by gurus ? : )
Two weeks after allowing Shell to drill in the Arctic , is in AK talking about ClimateChange . GLACIER SaveTheArctic
The Animal Kingdom👑 The Human Species🔬 Ironic Or Awkward
Why no twitter OAuth ? / : -\ ironic digitalidentity
The pandaz legend of awesomeness is proof that ++size women are amazing amazing 😝😝
Last post of the month . Read it at WordPress Blog Ironic Copycat BankHoliday
Side note . This would have been great first day of school hair 😆 graduate
As some people are starting their first day of class , I 'm starting my first day of work realworld ironic
In Pakistan we allow massprayer for mullah Omar and ban speech ofpolitical party like MQM : D
that 's so good to hear . Cause I 've been standing in line in the social insurance office for the last 40 minutes ironic 😤
Do you know what is ?
yet you still flap your gumsirony
WHU The bit you did n't understand you little moron 😂😂😂😂😂😂 brilliant ... Brilliant ... Brilliant ! ! ! Hahahaha ! !
JoesTea IdRatherBeDrinkingBeer - cheers me ol ' mucka
Trying to take a nap but failing cause ca n't stop thinking about CantSleepLove coming out this Friday .
Obama using Alaska to add urgency to his climate change warnings - The Washington Post Ironic via
just played School 's out by Alice Cooper . ironic
The only thing missing from the White House are the Kardashians ' . Besides who doesnt want Kim K. as their First Lady ? omg Kanye2020
Hindu IT IS A BIG A MAN WHO PROMISES DOES N'T GET A TIME BUT A MAUNI BABA GETS A TIME OF 10YRS
To put as chair of shows that is the reigning king of
Call Automated service says they 'll call back within 4 hours . They call back . Put me on hold for 20 minutes and counting .

Something to chew on today - Nation With Crumbling Bridges and Roads Excited to Build Giant Wall priorities
Dinnae see much backchat fae Sturgeon on this one . This £500 million must be so South East centric .
Yet you engage in tweeting them .
mc box Wait , C ! Did n't u recently go VEGAN ?
worrying bout how little sleep I was going to get ironic lol x
When visits AK this week , they will be experiencing colder than normal weather and forecast summer snows . globalwarming
He said .... FISH ! 😂
Left socks in the car , will jog without socks on rather than going downstairs and pick them . Lazy
Same shit she used to yell at me about , pisses me off now lol
I do n't understand the snark . What would be a more appropriate location ? Certainly not in my book .
Obse tounge = POSITIVE MIND Ironic
I managed to write a blogpost about not managing to do very much at the moment ironic
And when free , I empty the canvas of my blank mind on dead piece of paper with colours of life ! IronyWriting
6 man , like I 'm LouMill 😎 ironic
I think it 's so funny when people fly the Confederate flag with the American flag.Irony
So the mayor celebrates ice cream at a grocery the city subsidized to bring fresh produce to a 'food desert '
Where I see a Facebook page that thrives on copying news stories from other sources is complaining about someone copying them funny
Mom was in Utah to see & amp ; company ; this was the first DVD I came across in the library
Your link is to a `` white supremicist '' website I 've never heard of until YOU posted it ... and I 'm WHITE !
George H. W. Bush 's son getting Willie Hortoned Trump
Curse you , ! I stepped in dog poo while reading your tweet ! irony
`` ... and this deep outrage is also a political stunt ! ''
: poking yourself in the eye with your safety glasses ... or is that eye-rony ?
What are the odds of the lettuce , listed on the Titanic 's last menu , being `` Iceberg '' lettuce ? Ironic : )
Whatever , pal . The country you reside in kicked your 'fatherland 's ' ass in TWO wars . Now THATS
So , apparently I am the winner . Too bad there is n't a little cash inside . barefoot
10 thousand spoons when all you need is a knife , it 's like meeting the man of my dreams then meeting his beautiful wife ironic
When you overhear a coworker say `` he do n't sound like he speaks good English ''
shutter basic accounting principles . Arsenal fans will love it 😂
It is always men who get beard . But in Hindi and Marathi दाढ़ी is feminine word.Irony
Are n't you a Teacher ?
Does anyone else marvel at the of how difficult it is to spell 'dyslexia ' ironic
Pakistan media will not believe in what Pakistan official will say but will believe in substandard foreign media reportBanMedia
Obvi some feel cops being shot dead is A-OK. Deputy represents all police that have abused power . Police have been judge/jury 2 long .
Looks like this guy forgot to practice what he preaches . ☺️
I got my first period ever on earth day
interestingly , it happens in the week where Flipkart calls Google EVIL in their CCI testimony
B.t.w. , the filter I used on this photo was called 'Radiant ' ...
I love that people hate on Gruden for trying to change the culture here ... When we begged to hire a coach to change the culture . ironic
Irish and a lds Twat Ironic swfc
Is it or a coincidence ? Do n't make the mistake :
Van Gogh selfie vangogh lol I take no credit for this .. but it 's definitely hilarious . If…
Photo : Van Gogh selfie vangogh lol I take no credit for this .. but it ’ s definitely hilarious . If ...
70 does n't the champion win a boat ? ironic
journalismis propagandist hashtag to legitimize Canadian msm media , laughably calling for facts not innuendo from social media .
Sad . Seems like alibhai is committing professional HaraKiri in order to give Corbyn a last push over the line .
At least Griffin wo n't pout . RG3 HTTR
Beam me up Scott spoc
After 24 hours of flying in economy class , my PFJ is not a happy camper ... PFPManchester Vicenzino
Those flashing `` You should 've gone to Specsavers '' signs around the pitch are making my eyes go funny ... EngvAus
It 's like ten thousand spoons when all you need is a knife.Ironic — listening to Alanis Morissette
SEPTA Connect parked in crosswalk , blocking ramp while driver sits in Lee 's Deli . SOCIAL
i 'm having the monday blues and MondayMotivation is trending on Twitter . ironic
HA ! Direct TV moved their workloads to the cloud . And their customers are often troubled by weather events . VMworld
sometimes you know me too well ... MotivationMonday
Dropped my call to customer service right after the automatic message brags how ATT has the least amount of dropped calls ironic
Russia 's Putin and Medvedev work out together advertising new gay resort putin lovers
At least it was short . A short , pointless , stupid little article about `` mediocre '' writing .
Sigourney Wearer 's real name is Susan . funfacts
Im going to college today and I 'm wearing princess belle socks
the of manifesting your frustrations via technology is ironic
in Politics Eric Cantor to endorse Jeb Bush LoserEndorsesLoser
My father finally installed the blinds in the kitchen today . The probably last day that the heat will be a problem .
I only come to social media sites to blurt out inconsequential nonsense . Surely I 'm alone in this ... platitudes
U ever notice the most disrespectful of ppl flip out the hardest when they feel disrespected ?
I heard someone this morning scream , `` This is my block ! '' This person was staying in their mama 's rented home . ironic RhinoMusings
Woman with the Boston underground on her shirt asks us if this train goes to Park St .
Tarot reader on did n't see the 25 % decline in her takings coming this bank holiday ! ! ? Ironic
Dang it man . Emoticon or hashtag for someone as thick as me . lol
it 's funny cus when I found out I thought about you lol
did n't approve an advert for FAT CHANCE . It decided it was for a `` health product focusing on an ideal physical body image . ''
Oh the ironic avfc delph by robstar 2001 AVFC
No no no no no , birthers are never wrong . Right Mr. Cruz ? chickenscominghometoroost
Christ what are they gon na do with all the Trident money ? ! ? ! I suppose use it to campaign against Trident ...
as I said we shall see . IMO it could be bolder
The of an eco-stadium only accessible by car
Feminist -Shiva Aryironic Comedy feminist
. dam `` Plagiarism is basic to all Culture '' - C. Seeger oh the of properly attributing this quote !
is highscalability down ?
so you are being ironic now ?
That 's the 5th `` first '' from Hillary . Ironic
metamodernism amongst other things cynicism thesimpsons
I judged him on his iPhone 3GS and his ended up being superior to my iPhone 6 that has a broken down lcd display : / Ironic
And do I hope Hilary Clinton was using BT as her home server ... Ca n't get a friggen signal EVER so 'home ' security should be secure .
`` pigs in a blanket '' can be said because police risk their lives for people 's right to say it ironic
Booking a female dorm so you would n't have to listen to snoring . Ending up in the same room w/ the worst female snorer ever . hostel
. LOL conveys more often than just humor . The authors of the HaHa study did a poor job in research design .
There 's a guy in this region , last name is Capone . He does income taxes .
Ambiguity will be the death of me.irony
banana right ! ! Lol ironic seriously though the whole thing makes me angry - like let 's pretend it never happened ? ?
Extra £200 per night shift with a £500 one of bonus is n't a fair deal apparently
This fucker cut me off .
Harper fails every time . cdnpoli
Currently sitting through a lecture on listening
Addicted to Narcos netflix
All those religious tweets and he forgot all about PRIDE Ironic
Guys in my office arguing over whose bonsai tree is smaller is exactly the same thing as penis envy .
Fuck me there 's a lot of swearing in thecatch ironic
best part of working at home : I get to work when I want to . worst part of working at home : figuring out when I want to
So sad when goes unnoticed or unappreciated doubting yeah
All that Marijuana promotion at the VMAs , and yet the whole event was a `` see kids , this is y u do n't do drugs '' example . ironic VMAs2015
Bay/Richmond and south blocked off during rush hour because the Trump Tower extension is n't stable . Trump . Unstable . Go figure .
I may not smell flowers , but I certainly take enough pictures of them . 😂 nature color creative
So today the PPP declared they stand by the PakistanArmy ( Not too long there was an EenthSayEenth vengeance threat ) Ironic
`` Do I know you ? '' `` No ! '' `` Then why are you here on my bed ? `` `` We just had an arranged marriage. '' . ! ! irony
Folks saying DDG is going to regret transfer + get shit on by fickle Madrid fans after his 1st poor performance Romero
lol neither did I until 2 seconds ago
spoken by a woman who lives in fear of the truth .
Practicing piano to procrastinate on packing , when I used to pack or clean my room to get out of piano practice
I appreciate this classic Internet
When the first cake you write on at your new job is a Carvel cake ... ironic butreallythough bakerylife
`` Gail is NOT your servant '' screams Janice to Austin cbb
Things like this intrigue me too . Like there 's only one word for 'Thesaurus ' ironic
Yes , we have no chance to meet Indian actor ....... but at the German actors works it 😜😜😜 fate happy
I have lost myself in my own self-discovery ironic
Just saw gasoline for $ 1.97 . Thanks Obama
Monday stevecutts art postmodernism BankHolidayWeekend monday
| ‘ Savage ’ : Far-Left Salon Finds Itself on the Other End of Politically Correct W ... via .
Just saw an ad for ad-blocking software . adblockers
in complete contrast to the approach by Poulton McCann
Someone just spelled college as 'collage ' on Snapchat .
Real Madrid dropped the ball on this
It 's the good advice , that you just did n't take . Thanks to for the base photo . Arctic Alaska
So , all the millions of men thinking they 've been cheating on their spouses via ashleymadsion ... ?
The only screen currently available .
Both Queens . Love doll.ironic richard3rdwinterofdiscontent
Reading this as I 'm eating lunch at my desk ! ironic
Suggesting he 's a fraud ?
Just last week a white man shot & amp ; killed a white cop in Louisiana by the roadside . No outrage . Swept neatly under the rug .
And to think some of them will sing 'Carefree ' at the next game !
Fascinatingly ironic thing : Josh 's problem may be very similar in cause to LGBT . Bizarrely Freudian/Pavlovian family non random ?
Streets downtown Toronto shut down : unstable antenna atop Trump Tower ! DonaldTrump
AshleyMadison was full of robots , not necessarily just guys , research suggests
Love that united fans are abusing De Gea by saying he 'll be abused by his own fans in Madrid
7eleven will set up an independent panel to be chaired by an eminent & amp ; qualified Australian TURC Dyson Heydons next gig
faced I was being ironic
If DysonHeydon is unfairly dismissed , maybe he should ask for some help from the unions ? ?
Go on being a mark for the weapons industry . Why do cops have tanks ? Because non cops have AR15s . You are so blind it 's ironic
I love how teachers say we are Google dumb but when we ask them for help they say look it up on Google . ironic 21centuryproblems
The same hedge funders who support your campaign are eviscerating New York and Puerto Rico .
We hate closed-mindedness and we do not even want to hear ideas that contradict ours
Is it ironic that BlackLivesMatter is funded by George Soros ... A white guy .. dontyouthink justsaying
Position 's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy . Learn more .
Spent money on a tiny Buddha that 's supposed to bring me good luck with money
Crashed , broke iPhone ( again . ) To buy anew , must get SMS code . Broken 4S awakes and receives it ! Never mind and thanks for the ATT !
same doe ironic
Just realized People beg for long diva matches and the theme this week is short matches Raw
Dentist Really ? I thought the world is increasingly filling up with smart phones and stupid people
“ : The colossal ignorance of the Left Eco-Idiots Drive a diesel
bugs me when a tweet gets favorited and retweeted with a TYPO ! BTW `` favorited '' and `` retweeted '' both show as non-words .
John Fenton had filmed Dayton OH police officer razz him . No word from tin horn or concern trolls .
Before federal bans , many states adopted the Uniform Narcotics Drug Act in the early 1930s , which made pot illegal under state law . Ironic
Microsoft accused of adding spy features to Windows 7 , 8 : : What they installled Chrome on it ? ? ? scroogled
We 're talking about nudes after Zahra got fired . Raw
Harte says he 's straightforward but writes in poetry ironic 369hong poetryisanythingbutplain unreliablenarrator
me and Riley are watching the other woman ironic ?
Mind you telt someone to be serious and no joke in a promo , then you crack jokes . Booo hypocrite parasite
44 % of Gold Fish eat Gold Fish Crackers , Ironic
Need a knife to open it . Oh , the
Reagan wanted to tear down a wall and now his party wants to build one.IRONY
`` The routine is the enemy of time ''
Foster ya but let 's see if the cubs can continue it bc we all know they choke when it counts lol itsmyownteam lol
There 's new things happening in my life never happened to me until recently what sucks is the way i feel about it changed
Speaking at GLACIER , just said : `` Even if we ca n't reverse what already changed , we can prevent irreparable harm . '' synonyms
The wifi at this school is so fucking terrible . This is my 2nd time trying to tweet this
fuck r u laughing at me like u those kids laugh at their teachers ironic fuck =\
I used the term 'Adulting ' and referred to my cosplay lineup , in the same sentence . 😂😝😂
Instead of forcing govt to investigate & amp ; arrest AleemKhan ? busy bashing PTI for giving him the ticket .
is cutting yourself on the box of band-aids .
I 'm the only one in a showing of We Are Your Friends .
has been dragged into the angry black woman trope simply for calling out appropriation in hip hop music . TeamNicki
The co-creator of Tetris murdered his family while the creator of Grand Theft Auto never killed anyone . truestory videogames
I 'm not a fighter but I will knock your ass out ... GetHood Ironic VMAA
It 's very ironic that the sample for Tyga 's song stimulated is a sample from a Robert Miles song named `` Children '' lol
Cats have litters of kittens , then poop in litter boxes . Who made that decision ? Awkward mtv thinker thatsdeep randomthoughts
Love the BFIB '' . Same people saying MO botched the Miller trade for a mediocre Heyward are same ones saying Pay Heyward Now ! Cards
But a hypothetical 28-yo , female ABD could n't get the same thing published over and over again . Reinforces power dynamics .
Can we all just take a second and think about this : the Cleveland Indians play at Progressive Field .
Three years ago tonight , we were forced to pull the plug on , silencing the voice of our community
I do n't know why you wanted to hang out and do something if you 're going to sit on your phone on Twitter . ironic
Do n't buy cheap floss , it 'll just get stuck in your teeth ironic learnedthehardway
how many times has he been given lbw : both feet plumb in front ? ironic that was n't able to make contact with that kick !
Honestly , the ItsATrap commercials make me wannasmoke . They are hilarious and entertaining bc they are directly related to smoking ironic
GottaBee lovin of this polls bias this one 4 Huckabee
Oh , the delicious DysonHeydon BillShorten BrendanOConnor MarkDreyfus PennyWong TonyBurke Auspol turc
Somebody should tell and that the word `` Ohio '' comes from the Iroquois word `` ohi-yo '' meaning great river .
Watching and see this gem thegoodolddays
Right . Giant wall . Should work . And our heroin addition is the fault of the Afghan/Mexican/Laotian farmers .
You throw the word `` retarded '' around as an insult and now you care about someone with Down Syndrome ? ironic
on a bank holiday .
and the POTUS went to AK because he 's concerned about climatechange
Transfield trivia : It was created by Italian born Franco Belgiorno-Nettis who spent 3 years as a POW in India .
April Fool 's day is the one day in the year that people critically evaluate news articles before accepting them as truth .
humor love laughter DONT HURT YOURSELF ...
and the very same MSM that he rails against is giving him quite a platform too . ironic
There sure were a lot of people complaining in my positive psych class ...
The VMAs encouraging smoking weed every 10 mins , but then playing anti-smoking commercials in between ironic
America com While Kiev was imploding with tragic loss of life- USS Donald Cook was in Black Sea for `` regional stability ''
maddow My racist grandfather used to say all White People looked alike .
dude look at my last tweet too !
`` You 're so meeeaaan '' coming from one of the twins . BBAD
tomorrow 's my queens bday . werk it drea 💋 ironic IUsedMyBdayPic SuckItUp
Harperman singer did not self-identify as civil servant . Many more views since suspension ? cdnpoli
talkin about animal rights while smoking out of a deer antler ironic alldoomed planetearthisfucked
Its a spring day but it is raining in umlazi
when I have to pay Comcast for Internet but ca n't pay online cause wifi is down . 😒
And the craziest thing of all is that Fox News ca n't control the monster they created .
Thank the Lord Brayden is in Friendship Class with me . Who knew that class would be such a burden . .
Survived 7 hour trek in Rockies , feet intact , only to get blisters on my hands from hand washing clothes afterwards ...
Still watching Narcos addicted ironic
So BB who never let him near herself in her life , gave her party and assets to the crook after deathIronicDontForgiveCorruptPPP
We had to go to Irish bar to get Greek beer .
plays a woman named Lady Robyn in DropDeadDiva and then plays a woman who `` loves '' Robin Hood in ironic
Why is that I 'm inside and I have RogersWireless as my service provider but I ca n't get decent cell service ? ironic
India is probably the only coutry where people fight to be termed as backward ! ! ! And then we say India is not developing
Hmmm . Paid big bucks to get your jollys with a robot . FeelStupidMuch
AFC going for unhappy Cavani because he 's being played on the wing ! Wenger likely to play him on the wing as with all new signings
Today I lost a job but found a golf umbrella , today someone still had a job but lost their golf umbrella
1st time Bills fans saw Fred Jackson , the SeanTaylor game . Now Released the same day a guy named Taylor is named the starting QB
Managed to get a customer complaint and a customer compliment . Within a couple of hours . retaillife cashierproblems
There are more women named Ashley Madison than actual women using AshleyMadison . ironic
`` If you want better coverage , be a better government . '' - ( August 27 , 2013 ) auspol
fraser Loved twitter debate , sorry 3 days late ironic gb15
So Welcome To Paradise is playing in the Coliseum as a broken wall is being fixed ...
that was cool tip .
Is it ironic or just cruel that I have Hallux Rigidus is directly under my 13.1 running tattoo ? runchat
swamy cc so called intellectuals speaking
This `` adult '' colouring book gives me stress/anxiety cuz I 'm unable to finish a whole page cuz I 'm busy
Mumbai cabbies are a nuisance while they are on the road and a nuisance even when they are off the road TaxiStrike
talking about building a progressive place . This from a party that believes the world is a few thousand years old
French ask Google to remove them from online white pages listing of local telco
RG3 as back up to Luck
Teargas and water canons against Khum Bahadur-led protests in Baneshwor . How times have changed !
I love Tyra Banks . Not in an ironic way . Like I really love her . tyrabanks
But black ? I mean ... BLACK ? ?
Too bad Venice is n't more picturesque . STEI2015 @ Venezia , Italia
Last blunt .... kinda a waste lol
Kusal Perera caught Rohit , just before tea .
ya 'll wannaget fucked up together but went to catholic school 😂😂😩 ironic
I guess god forgot to give me the right one ! : /
I 'm struck by the number of plastic water bottles in this pic
You know how much fuel that Air Force One uses and how much pollution it makes .
higgs is the past .. let 's discover SUSY hahaha ironic
The SFGiants CSN Replay is scheduled to start in four minutes.Irony
quraishi we have `` metros '' ... And metropolitan without proper pedestrian bridges
... when u listen to guys talk about games ... then there is the chick going on about these texts from a guy ignoring her over a game ..
Locks are prevalently associated with , but not exclusive to 'black culture ' , so to say was appropriating is ignorant . tt
Reading your journal from seventh grade is a great way to never want to record your thoughts for people to see ever again . twitter
Clinton email telling of how frustrating it is using email.Irony
yeah john i want to stop people who disagree with me from having opinions humour
This Taggart lad is an Australian , who signed for Fulham last year from Newcastle Jets of all places .
When the trainer says you have to eat more .... reallytho
Oh Shoot ! ! You Respect Was Ever Meant to Matter ? 😂😁😂😁never did . Never Will . U dnt respect even ur own Club dude . Ironic
rss Interesting to see what Abbott said in opposition , to Rudd…via auspol 😄
Now things run as normal and just to taunt me , the Get Windows 10 icon bottom right suddenly decided to show up ....
Nothing like walking into as an employee leans out the door to puff a cig with a quit smoking placard over the alarm bars
You forgot , Close Twitter .
So starts an email to me as 'Dear Comrade ' yet his party purged me . All respect lost for him .
life is too short to watch long 1 minute videos . notreally exaggerating ironic Idovideostoo
This is what Abbott said when in opposition . If Rudd wants better coverage , he should perform better . auspol
¿Are the dog days over ? An emergency exit and a dog peacefully sleeping before it . Dog Door…
Oh , the 😜 ironic
as the xfinity comcast commercial plays about weather disrupting satellite .
The guy who gets $ 1million for not reading an email trends on twitter for 2 days straight . auspol turc
Our new flag potential . Party ware for you to feed the kids with .
The page to help me troubleshoot my intermittent connectivity issues ... timed out . gettingangry
Funny how at one end ishant is likely to get a match ban and on the other is the 'exciting player of the match ' winnerIronic INDvsSL
oh the escapedoutdoors
Lol the only time I pray is when I do n't want to have to go school ... A catholic school
I really should go and workout now but I 'm too lazy
Posting is n't a social media strategy ! ironic Wait people actually have strategies ? What do you do ?
When a Pakistani calls someone else a terrorist . India Doval ManipurBurning
Dick Cheney says Obama ’ s world view doesn ’ t reflect reality . Ironic
yes , sometimes feminists do n't respect a woman 's `` no ''
Cracks me up when I hear Kim Kardashian say `` North is the best '' about baby names ... so what does that make Northwest ? ironic secondbest
I 've spent the morning trying to figure out what true is , and yet I still do n't think I get it . ironic
Obviously no sign of my replacement - although I got 2 emails asking for feedback RE a phonecall -
China spends billions making those crappy McDonald 's toys & amp ; the junk kids win at the arcade and we are shocked their market is too ?
LOL The Kentucky County Clerk denying a supreme court order to issue marriage licenses to gay couples has been divorced FIVE TIMES
If ClimateChange worsens , Sen. might have a lot more snowballs to throw .
ICYMI : mid-Aug saw record number of speculative traders bet against gold prices rising
Hey . Met Saturday , then I hear you talking about him on , Monday .
And in an unexpected turn of events Twitter has given me renewed faith in the human race . ironic
The star spangled banner is based on the melody of a British drinking song .
I wish I could invent a time machine to tell me at 13 to learn science . But I do n't know enough science to build a time machine .
CBBUK V funny hearing CBBFarrah attack CBBNatasha for `` not being a celebrity '' when Natasha is known for actually HAVING a TALENT !
LADbible example - `` that lad is an absolute Kanye '' ! iftheshoefits ironic whatakanye
Ab ISPR btae gy azadi kya hty hai . How ironic . The most incompetent and corrupt fuckers turn to preaching Ironic
No comments needed : of alliance with state-backed airline . twofaced
My parents came over the other day , & amp ; I held my dads arm next to Naomi ’ s and he ’ s darker than she is lol . ironic
winner of the definition of competition
Funny how some people sleep in peace after troubling another ...
Earth , Wind , & amp ; Fire - September
Wes Craven died in his sleep . ironic
Turns out you 're my 400th follower . So thanks for that ! ironic
Not that Bryan is calling for death to the gays , he should know that homosexuals were gassed by the Nazis too .
( actual irony , not the Alanis Morissette kind )
My public speaking professor is lecturing us with gum in her mouth
It ca n't be , OMG , such amazing Plotwist , all hail Gundam SEED , the best Gundam of all timesirony gundam
There should be a word for the excitement that happens in a newsroom when discussing how to cover a big tragedy .
He will most probably be dropped from the next series .
When words cease to have meaning : Hasselbeck BLM Soros trickledown hategroup
Arabs spend there life hearing ( folk do n't succeed if they were controlled by a women ) then all of them fly to Germany
Bloody possums ! Play the cute card & amp ; break hearts while trashing the bulldozer industry . bastards : )
`` This is going to be a really tough 24 to 48 hours in Boston , ” Hornblower said .
First time in ages I 've arrived at the dentist 5 mins early , and they are running late . typical ironic
Technical difficulties in the class New Media Technologies . agcom590
One on four and five on two of Life
Weird that . is talking about blocking ads ...
- Why do you look so arrogant all the time ? - I 've got no self-esteem.Irony
Unionist troll uses grammatically incorrect meme to call me stupid !
For all the independence he claims , ca n't even make a decision without consultation ironic
The grumpy man guarding mall entrance Singapore should really quit & amp ; not work in , of all industries , hospitality .
Our money is on Slytherin . sortinghat ironic blacksheep
`` Livestock operations are evil . '' ... but you know your bowl of veggies was grown on an organic farm that relies on manure as an input ?
The nerves fade the moment you leave the safety of the plane . ironic
Tracking Protection is blocking
She 's standing by her beliefs . She put her hand on the Bible . ~oath~ It 's ironic for people to condemn honesty and loyalty .
My stream of MrRobot keeps crapping out during the ads . DoubleIrony
Artistic napkin shot for my sister ihatestufflikethis whathaveibecome
. says inflight wifi is about to get a lot faster ( and by faster they mean `` actually working sometimes '' ) .
This is so true ! Kermit instafunny
At the RE office and someone is yelling it 's all about the balls on Rachel Ray .
oh look at that ... the pot calling the kettle black ...
Black Matty u hearin this ? U helped her , not the Lord God above
& lt ; & lt ; & lt ; & lt ; good point well made
Wow £5.16 to print a page in the Russian Visa office . Ca n't wait to get to Sochi ....
I wonder if any Christian right cons . that support Kim Davis but have cried out about Sharia Law taking over in the US ? hypocrisy
Biggest transfer news of the day on deadlineday is actually about a transfer that did n't happen ! mufc
Hang on .. Is Iceland full of Vikings ? ironic
It was meant as nothing else .
Top 10 Most Ironic ... - Alanis Almost AmyWinehouse BenFolds BenFoldsFive BF5 -
am I the only one that comes back from a supposedly calming walk more stressed cause I overthought everything the whole time
Photo : Rob Lowe in “ The Grinder ” - there ’ s no one he can ’ t get off . grindr gayhiddenjoke fall2015
Pakistan is fortunate that Raheel Sharif is the COAS . And Pak is unfortunate that politicians failed and COAS has to do their job .
So says the guy that believes in a fictional sky daddy .
Obama flies to Alaska to lecture us about climatechange
Well , thank goodness that 's settled .
Hung Relationships are traditionally undervalued by marketers . HITMC
I will never understand walking by a hospital entrance and seeing healthcare workers smoking . poorpatients
I hope the LGBT groups donate the cakes for use in gay weddings . lovewins
I ca n't Phone as you 've not installed my phone line .
Rob Lowe in `` The Grinder '' - there 's no one he ca n't get off . grindr gayhiddenjoke fall2015
i really love seeing first day of school photos even though the beginning of school/end of summer is a major source of agita for me .
now requires ppl on US-CA border waters to seek permission to enter their waters . Americans flip out . goldenrule
I had to talk with a speech teacher the other day and then saw this ironic
When Bob Marley is the Muzak while you 're on hold ... 💚💛❤😍😍😍💚💛❤ bob waitinginvain ironic positivevibrations onelove reggae
A muslim Vice-President of India saying there is discrimination against Muslims in India 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
having Celiacdisease and being married to the breadman
Dove chocolate says , `` You 're invited to relax today , '' as I frantically try to get caught up at work before class and travel . lies
Guess what ? She 's a democrat !
Of course he is . Political correctness speaks the language of hate when you disagree with their message .
| I hope PO 's mistake you for making a false move .
Watching saying politicians should n't hang around with human rights abusers while reading this
Social networking sites were formed to express views n make new friends ! In reality u can never say a word nor make genuine friends
SNP & amp ; Yes voters - Working for what NO voters were promised via
It 's not an episode of Cluedo ! Easy to see Callinan jumped b4 he was pushed ! Typical FG response `` nothing to see here '' ironic Fennelly
hey also approved a convicted criminal . Dave king . Imagine if the did n't ? ?
The ... An OverInflated Tom Brady
lol fancy launching a new united watch on the day the club is involved in missing a deadline time ironic
Question . Anyone doing a throwback paint scheme for that barbecue sponsor who did not pay the sponsorship bill ?
I guess Alex Neil sold Johnson due to him being out of shape so he 's gone to Derby sponsored by JUST EAT NCFC
Director Wes Craven dies peacefully , surrounded by loving family , after unsuspenseful months battling brain cancer .
... we will have to start recruiting them from abroad ! ! ! nurchat
There 's still 2hours left for unveiling Cavani ... DeadlineDay Arsenal
Is it or coincidence that your profile 's highlight color is also green ?
Disappointed afc fans accusing Wenger of doing the same thing hoping the outcome will be different transferdeadlineday
it 's funny , the fans that normally say that sort of stuff are the ones obsessed with transfers & amp ; bank balances .
I find it hilarious for someone so hellbent against LGBT people to be in lust for a guy that may or may not have existed .
I just learned that the clerk refusing to issue marriage licenses to gays is on her fourth marriage . Hypocrite
malkovich well if anyone loves humor it 's me - so .... fck twitter . yea ! satire
Tunes the first one was a follow then they blocked me almost instantly ironic
Like humans , is also an integral part of the Indian society .. Do have a look on my take over the same .
when anti racist people say `` white people `` they are commuting the crime they are rallying against
hope u have a got a lifetime one ! Is n't it .. Excemption are to be considered
needs to read his own profile `` What does it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his soul '' wba
Using social media to promote how anti-social social media is Ironic DoubleSocial
Hold on.Auschwitz has installed showers . Really ? Seriously ? Irony really is on the ropes these days , is n't it ? Auschwitz lol
When 30 atmospheric science majors/minors walk out of an atms class and it 's raining & amp ; no one brought an umbrella ☔
I saw Rashomon with 2 other teachers on a school night . We fell asleep at difft times & amp ; had to piece the plot together from memory.irony
`` ... preferably while enjoying our mobile TripIt app while on vacation ! ''
`` : Driverless cars run into a problem : Cars with drivers lol
Things I love , this sign . listbuilding graffitivandalism graffiti clever
If he was , they 'd crucify him .
1 . Do n't sign anybody on deadline day2 . Some fans say we lack ambition3 . Play a weakened cup team to prioritise the leagueIrony
One of my cousins is PTI Australia president . Other is PMLN tehsil president and office bearer . And I 'm totally after Musharraf .
1stly u Correct Ur Spell & amp ; Learn How To Spell & amp ; Illiteratures Lyk u Does n't Knw Abt Our Constituency Nameirony
Canadian Scientist Muzzled For Writing And Performing Song About Canadian Government Muzzling Scientists
After Saturday , no home games for a month . The Aladdin cup winners get bumped by Aladdin himself and the rest of Disney on Ice .
Top10 Most Ironic Songs via mag featuring , & amp ; more Playlist available
The is precious .... 😂😂😂😂 Christians these days are hysterical
Traffic is backed up on northbound Bowbottom . A cop went over the blvd to ticket me for going over the blvd . ironic nofair ! Yyctraffic
BBC news , plight of immigrants from Syria , and what they go thru . Warning , this article contains flashes . 1stworldprobs carefulnow
The punter for the was kicked off the team . ironic FinsUp dolphins BrandonFields
Listening to 'Fast Car ' whilst stuck on a motionless Northern line tube ironic wishihadone getmehome tfl tubedelays
Everyone that drones and our jets kill in the Tribal Areas is a terrorist . End of story !
Is THIS : about HIM :
winning Your voice has about the same pitch .
Back from Scarborough and enjoying a Sea Breeze.irony
Right after seeing Google 's new logo , I stumbled across this article . ironic
All the labour leader contenders are cutting across one another to emphasize unity labourleadership channel4news
I 'm still looking at new Google logo ... I totally forgot what I was searching for ... ThatsWhatICallBigChange IronyButIKindaLikeIt
This fell off my studio door .
ROFL at walking & amp ; oxymoron eckrich
Taking my required Spanish class for my English degree .
Had a dream I missed class because I overslept , woke up and realized I was late Af
So one random dude asks me `` Why did you unfollow me man ? That 's rude ! `` Me : Umm , coz you did n't follow me back ? - -
My odometer is so American ! 1776 itsatoyota ironic america
Is n't it ironic , do n't you think ? ironic kiro fangirl @ Hideout Lounge and Sports Bar
look at her pinned tweet .
Modi Govt correct discrimination against Muslims , This is coming from a Muslim who is VP of India from past 8 yrs . VP Hamid Ansari
Angry headphones lady tells mother if she does n't like it get some headphones
LanceArmstrong in Dodgeball is just so perfect . `` But good luck to you Peter . I 'm sure this decision wo n't haunt you forever . ''
r u joking ? How many penalties last season ? cheats
The need to investigate the word irony . You can ’ t make this up ! Undercover Sign LOLfunny Funny
If it took Amitabh Bachchan an year to report police about the abusive SMS think about the girl nearby ! ! irony
I was going to suggest should enforce that until I saw an officer run through a light .
A tory fool on Scotland2015 complaining about not enough social housing - these fuckers got no sense of
Our ed system always frowned upon those who doodled in copy books , when now it 's promoted as an act of mindfulness ironic
. in other words , Trump is gaining popularity among Repubs by alienating the voters he would need to win General election . ironic
People are usually assholes to the people who care and do the most for them ... ironic
Being in the healthcare profession , really is n't all that healthy… ironic
When your tweet about proofreading has a typo and gets a few favorites . humility
Loyal females do n't get enough credit .
The amount of in this is fantastic . Piracy lol Fantastic Great
When you 're doing a wage and overtime audit and you forget to turn in your own overtime . HRgeek
Just unpacked & amp ; assembled an exercise bike . Most exercise I 've had in 6 months .
Would n't it be hilarious and ironic if Alana started an anti-bullying movement ? NakedAndAfraidXL
Rass , watch yah ... HIM a talk bout lost ? .... 😂RT Nain Lost does n't even begin to describe her ..
Did the no camp believe their voters would n't be able to understand the English of the question ? EUreferendum ironic
Be careful . kills . RowanCounty
When your fiance is too busy figuring out other technology , but ca n't send you one text all day .... ironic
411 `` The authorities that exist have been established by God . He who rebels against ... rebels against God ''
Apparently , can be dumb
We got our Bluebell ice cream yesterday but discovered we 've misplaced the ice cream scoop . BlueBellisBack
MCA veterans openly call for Najib ’ s ouster of MCA thinking `` PR '' wants Jib 2b in power more than they want
Did you say racist ? Check your avi ! ALERT ! cc :
Who knew that my photo would be shown over and over and over due to a heat wave 😉 ironic
There 's in who stated that IdrisElba is TooStreet for JamesBond since Ian Fleming would feel someone named Horowitz is TooShtetl .
being sick while studying immunology
Indeed ... but wait ...
Truth is she does n't trust us.Hillary2016 ironic
Reading up about £870m of TV funded footballing excess on my non-upgraded superslow uk monopoly broadband
Dismaland banksy westonsupermare ironic in Weston
`` If you 'd like to activate your American Express card in English , say English '' Me : English '' I 'm sorry I do n't understand you . ''
Devils routing for Padres got ta love the are def my favorite MLB team extremely enjoyable 2 watch ! OTW to Petco SDinHD
ha ha ha I had to google that because I know Persian/Japanese/Indonesian/Original Aust .
I got Asian Jim ! Which Prank From `` The Office '' Are You ? via
lol .... fell into an inescapable volcano in Gorgrond.I actually need flying xDIrony Warcraft
My iPhone just autocorrect `` relationship '' into `` repair shop '' . Ironic ?
Your tweet is a baseless soundbite . IronyLazy
Spreadsheets and educatingcardiff ironic hussle
Or you did .
A guy flipped me off for stopping at a red light . It made me laugh . lmao
A world institution responsible for peace & amp ; order happens that its landlord is Rockafella Family . & amp ; Bullshit
Never thought id say i was to poor for prison ! SanFrancisco alcatraz
I accidentally favorited this tweet ...
CBB bbuk so many disturbed over fitgate cbbjanice had .. and yet the piece of film is being shared by loads of peeps LOL IRONIC
I see you 're making FoxLake political . Painting tcot people with a broad brush while saying people should n't do that .
One of those angry , conservative , anti-gay ads came on the TV in the break room ... DURING the Ellen show . Amazing
Yet they 'll still grow up loving the culture
no , this was all over CNN this morning . But keep pushing the `` media is silent '' myth . And you linked to a NEWS story .
Took a hot bath while watching The Veronica Mars Movie .
Jenna goes crazy over Janice eating her kosher food , but shes quite fine about drinking non-kosher wine . Legit jew right there cbbuk
Google reveals new logo for mobile world - & lt ; oh wow it 's so much better
Hey Vegans with your portobello mushroom burgers ... they are grown in manure from the carriage horses in NYC.irony carriageon
Oh the `` Billions Of Online Ads Are About To Die A Well-Deserved Death ''
Or Tom could take him up the aisle . thearchers
When you move out of East London to Dunmow in order to get away from shootings and one happens there too
Macworld is one of the few sites I visit regularly that is totally broken by the AdBlock extension for Safari on the Mac .
`` Largest new oil and gas field in the North Sea for a decade ! '' - Paul Crawford via burden bbcbias '
Lol , doing homework for Financial Accounting while listening to ' a `` Making Money . '' ironic
I sneezed in a cathedral today and nobody said `` God bless you . '' disappointment theironyofdisappointment thedisappointmentofirony
Nurses are biggest group in pall care yet 10yrs on and still does n't have membership on Care Aus
CardiffCity fans singing `` Do n't sack Mackay '' on Newsnight in a piece on money in football . conn
Holy shit , I literally got wolf whistled at while wearing a shirt that says cats against cat calls . banmen2k15
I flew all the way from Mexico to northern California to eat ... Mexicanfood . Sigh . @ Googleplex
3strikes & amp ; urOUTBaseBalllingoironicgoodgamegoodgameTOPofthe3rdBOTTOMofthe9thjs😕
- notice that the only people talking to the press about over the past month is WBA chairman & amp ; manager ironic
If the news mainly consist of punditry is it still news ? paradox ? irony ? oxymoron ?
`` What is WRONG with you ? '' - Asks a Jeremy Corbyn supporter ....
Fire season is starting .
Hey did u see Chris Heisey was picked up by The Dodgers for a PTBNL & amp ; cash ?
Ultimate for homeless : you have to have a phone to stay on the socialhousing list . . accanconf
so normal reporting stds , now newsworthy .
Listening to the graduation , college drop out and late registration albums while I do my homework nah
I enthusiastically defined the purpose of a semicolon in class today ; mother would be proud . grammarpolice
State official tries imposing her personal religious beliefs on the law , claims she 's being denied freedom of religion . ignorant
When I needed glasses it was impossible to find a pair I liked , but now that I do n't need them I like every pair I see . notfair
First night in mba252 picked up a copy of theeverythingstore from Barnes and Noble on my way home
Tyrion : own to GRRM for the line about T wishing he could `` strangle '' Joffrey . strangle ... Strangler ? clevermisdirection
neededRG via : Little courtesy of kyleedmonster 's sticker collection
I was driving down the street and noticed this . ironic
Johnny Mac ranting about the antics of Kyrigos is something else
Funny thing about J School ... I 'm studying more law than I ever did in law school . And I 'm enjoying it ! ironic ascj jschool
Julia “ OMG ! Imagine if Victoria would have won the final HoH , I would have cried ! ” bb17
But we do n't want uniforms ... Irony
Someone w/ a wicked eye . MT : On the road 2 success , there r no shortcuts .. quote leadership
I do n't know why I find this particular twit profound maybe is its - goodluck with all that over there .
we knew that lol signed IU Baseball fans
I can barely stand to watch the USOpen right now . All they 're doing is kicking Kyrgios in the nuts . McKenroe just sounds so old . ironic
and we are currently chatting about tardy procedures . ironic 😉
Beyond Horizon Ladakh ARR August India WanderLust FilmCrew BadEditing Love
`` It 's meeting the man of my dreams And then meeting his beautiful wife And is n't it ironic ... do n't you think ? '' ... ironic
Without Juju trying to out me to ASU , I never would have come out as being an AZ native and fully embraced being a camgirl ! Ironic
Makes you wannastay for a while = any bar not playing the music of Dave Matthews.Irony
OFF-THE-GRID || 🛀🏼 🛀🏼 🛀🏼 || Repost || OTG Ironic BubbleBath HappyPlace
Ca n't tweet . Watching tennis USOpen2015
Sitting here with Steven and he 's doing homework while I drink lol Ironic
I 'm just not tired but if I do n't go to bed now I will be tired when I ca n't afford to be
And the award goes to ...
funny U mention the Holocaust . Last time I reax my history books the homosexuals were kinda persecuted there too boo .
My thoughts exactly life yep
complaining about not sleeping as I 'm tweeting this tweet about no sleep . ironic
Anyone else feel Alaska is playing one heck of a trick on POTUS , what with the freeze warnings and all ... globalwarmingwhere ?
I think assholes have a lower tolerance of other assholes . Which is probably why I hate a lot of people .
When time comes to life , the clock stops . ⏰ relativity
1985 if it bruises , put some ice on it .
the only occasion you 'll never see the left complain about gun laws is when a jihadist pulled the trigger .
barr - Periscope is the Napster of ILTA - disruption
Holla i have tuesdays off , and Randolph 's fire station , caught on fire . ironic
“ : B.C . man made dentures from deer 's teeth , ate deer with its own teeth '' irony epitomized
This song was playing at my dentist office after she ended up putting Novocain in both sides of my mouth . ironic
Clearance bin haul . ironic onedirection zaynmalik
Yet I am awake at 4:30am on a weekday : p Ironic
Extreme poor increasing in Bangladesh from 20-24 % yet now classed as lower middle income country ironic CBRTokyo
I almost forgot one of the pharmacy techs at my rite aid now goes to Curry ... odd ironic
and you have such a cute bunny
When you have road rage on the way to your yoga class . writerproblems
Tyga and Kylie are both trying to use each other for fame .
Strippers always complaining about receiving dick pics on Snapchat .
Bigots come in all shapes , sizes ... and party affiliations . lgbt equality UniteBlue tcot ycot tlot
Getting my Badge/ID picture taken in & lt ; 12 hours for my job at UC Health and do n't wannalook like a scrub wishmeluck sendgoodvibes
Anti social people socialize with other anti social people Ironic
The new Google logo reminds me of the Alphabet carpet from first grade . ironic
Imagine how much more of Brett Favre we 'd be seeing if he never sent that dick pic . dawgs
Paul Krugman : Democrats Do n't Create Cults of Personality via
Mom & amp ; I watching stan ad : `` it would make u lazy w/ no life direction '' as we watch ad on normal tv from couch w/ no life direction
Hated physics in high school and college , now I look forward to HowtheUniverseWorks on Tuesday nights . maybeijustlovemikerowe
This nigga Meek said `` u call it beefin when u @ niggaz '' ....... But he the one everybody callin twitterFingers doe
Me , realizing I cant do Dicks . work laborday killingme phish enjoyyourdeadsetfuckers sobsuncontrollably
IWishICouldForget that I have amnesia .
0 & amp ; it 's less acidic than Orange Juice
My Fitbit indicated that I took my ten thousandth step today while I was walking to Wendy 's for a big bacon classic .
Damn .. i aint even think of that lls
LMFAO i think everyone working on this show is drunk . God this is my dream job ! this and bartending . Ironic : ) drunkhistory
how come we are forced to accept lifestyles of which we dont agree and are condemned for having an opinion ? hypocrite
Petco is buzzing : - RT Devils routing for Padres got ta love the are def my favori ...
The call for bigotry was not successful because it was a bigot who refused to change that demanded it . ironic fact walkyourtalk
You suck at DND - go back to acting !
Might have this haha ... Or do I ?
Jesse Jackson 's slut toy , who says YAY to cutting up live babies to harvest their brain , calls others crazy ? ?
Injured bat on the field at Camden Yards . Did n't write a song that applies ? ? ? ironic angrycrying Birdland
Almost 8 , power is in the process of getting restored and I get an e-mail from ameren thanking me for paying my bill ironic
On the road to success , there are no shortcuts ... quote leadership via alphabetsuccess
just for clarification ... We are battling plagiarism by retweeting this tweet ... ironic : )
haha do n't worry it 's all , ironic : P
shame disgust even foreign media is concernd but not ours ... sheenamurdercase
º Morissette Ironic And Life Has A Funny Way Of Helping You Out WhenYou Think Everything´s Gone Wrong
So this guy used a shortened URL to link to his blog about the dangers of short URLs ...
When the state fails to produce pesticide free veggies , is nt this an ? Chandy
The KY woman who refuses to issue marriage licenses to gay couples because `` the bible '' has been married 4times
It is ironic how we appreciate more our human nature when we are sick than when we are healthy . humans
Clancy 's not humble . The man 's name is attached to each game , even though he did n't work on them . ego
Ten years ago , I wrote a song about America - based on a poem by Emma Lazarus . I now live here ... immigrant
Al unions hv same dmands . s instd f protstng 2gthr peacefuly , dey fyt ech othr jst bcz dey r frm dif parties Murshidabad BharatBandh
It is rumored that no one knows who patented the fire hydrant , because the patent paper was lost in a fire .
I ca n't decide how to feel about my indecisiveness . ironic
Funny how the motion to get that Last drop out of an almost empty tube of lotion before the big finish is the same !
is such a vile monster . claiming you do n't see a marriage working out when you 're looking for husband 4 ? RHOC
the iceberg that sank the Titanic is sinking he world wesawitcoming
Just because you put a hashtag in front of something not clever , does n't suddenly make it clever . Truth
Kyle 's Gallery Darth sipping tea art starwars ironic
Having been told I was unfit to act as a priest yesterday , I am off to conduct a funeral this morning . All proper and legal .
They want us to give them more money and benefits by making a big loss for us with the strike ...
Flat-top crewcuts finally come back into fashion , just as my hairline beats a swift retreat
I know I 'll regret this , but have he seen this ? Ironic Never used to think much of Acer . TimesChange
Its funny how a lot of 'geeks ' who have n't written a single line of actionscript code are celebrating death of flash .
it 's a mess
dThing to Learn isWhat Soldiers cant affordActors can Simply Gift emSo Choose ur Career Wisely ! ! ! Irony
Oh the - Leak exposes escape plans for Assange
Obama on a TV show showing people how to survive in the woods ? At same time gov't going apoplectic over people living `` off the grid '' .
I almost wet myself . China HT
Chipotle will start delivering to 40 colleges but none are in Colorado ... Despite the fact that Chipotle started here . 9NewsMornings
Girls do n't know how dumb they come across sometimes , and you ca n't tell them `` hey you 're dumb , '' or you 're an insensitive jerk lol
ColdWar ... ClimateChange ... irony '' : Obama pushes for more US ice-breaking might in Arctic
Another thing worth bearing in mind about KimDavis 's hypocrisy is the bible prohibits women from having positions of power over men
The definition of - is when the residence of the is located on Gaza st .
loving working consuming workshop today . Day after cynical attack on personalbudgets
Especially as his name fits into the Zamora/That 's Amore chant `` When you 're sat in row Z , and the ball hits your head ... ''
Owen Jones ( ) wouldnt serve under Corbyn .... Ironic
So , Kermit is basically dating Miss Piggy 's younger cousin ? playa dawg Muppets
Happy Birthday Ishant Sharma . May you become a little shant and take 500 test wickets.irony temper crickettalk birthdaywishes
`` What does it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his soul '' YourTwitterTag Ironic 🙈
mine post was I fully support Feminist views and moving forward with equality ⚡️⚡️✊⚡️⚡️
is using beef , jalapeño , fried onion strings , and sriracha to raise money for Pancreatic Cancer research .
Off topic but is Charles Koch the future vision of ?
Yes , Yes it is Ironic
Very funny chucking everyone off the circle line before a 'good service on all lines ' announcement lateforwork thanks
Vandals etched `` % ! $ your cookie cutter shit . Raleigh has character '' on the side of a new dwtn bldg . character
Went to an all formal lunch party wearing jeans and t-shirt while everyone else was in suits . People thought I 'm some kinda hot shot😂irony
Girls will buy a phone with a really nice camera , then purposely make their photos blurry to hide wrinkles . ranfucius
North Sea task force to push efficiency - Q . So is this an efficient use of resources ?
bells I vote ice cream tasting at FABB meeting
you should see the q in Greggs in Bridgford . It 's like carluccio never opened slummingit ironic
Immigrants go to Germany like all the rest . 70 years ago everyone was running from there now there are running to it ironic
The most beauiful woman can be the devil while d most ugly woman can b the most beautiful of life
Waiting for me on my return - on a birthday card from my cousin ... edfringe
AJ Ellis got call with good framing of 3rd K to De Aza in 7th . HP ump was Mike Winters -- who criticized Ellis ' framing in May game
Exactly .. now he prices himself out of battles .. which is what Cassidy did against him back in the day
chodna der o twitter e a/c kholar permission thake ?
8AMComputerProgramming The professor does n't know how to work his computer
Meteorologists my ass . Climate scientists looking for attention more like it Eat Them !
Went from watching at w/ & amp ; to watching CBB ... ironic bigbrotheriswatchingyou 👀
Communists declare BharatBandh successful since it is trending on a platform followed by zero percent of the proliteriats.irony
So i was web-surfing & amp ; see what i found might get your interest too justsharing india realfacts wearesmart
Truth about logo change : the world declares everlasting love for the 'older ' logo as soon as a brand launches a new one . LogoGoogle
Her Eternal Future Better Than Yours MT . Kim Davis THREE FAILED marriages . Kim .... your `` past '' is catching up to you .
30mins behind schedule at Synchro 4d conference Ltd
This is so funny it 's not funny ! crisis
Wait a minute- is the beneficiary of Affirmative Action in order to be in the debate ? I thought the GOP was against it .
LOL asking DU students to do honest politics .. Just like Jasleen Kaur Did wth tht Innocent guy
Over the last two days , Chinese stocks have been much more calm than the U.S . Ironic
- Priests in Telengana on strike to demand additional pay . Apparently they think even the god cant help them .
You learn more about someone at the end of a relationship than at the beginning .
A tough dilemma : free or NOT free gamedev indiedev
The three things I hate on social media hashtags hypocrites
Passengers 'trapped ' for 5 hrs in train get angry at people who 've spent weeks trapped in shipping containers
Manchester United launch new watch – as De Gea misses transfer by minutes MUFC
So when was the last time you saw Shabir Shah in the news . All this fuss and fury has meant a resurrection from the political grave .
It 's the ties that always try to make me tardy ..
ISIS and migrant crisis is Britain 's fault ( damned ) because of what we did and ( damned for what we ) did n't do .
... person you are actually more linked to his actions than his supporters are . ironic
. And right before that Obama allowed Arctic oil drilling ... ironic
If people do n't enjoy the simple pleasures of life , should they be busy earning for the fancy ones ? life
Germany set to turn Hitler 's airport into its biggest refugee centre for syrian migrants
So i find myself in Camberwell . What a lovely place . Ironic
david I do n't wear it because I am scared it will get stolen when I am out running ironic
good job getting your rt 's . Thanks for once again spoiling something .
and I think Handy . Everytime someone tries to steal my money .
`` Down with corporations ! '' The intent was good but the was too much .
So happy to hear that ! We more rain coming so I 'll send more your way . RainFromTheDesert Ironic Have a great Wednesday Roy ! 😃
but do you see the attorney ? ironic
tweetUK Ironic RebekahBrooks gets her job back after the hacking scandal .No need for Hackers with circular Email error ? !
blacks : roughly12 % of the general population . Abortions : 60 % blacks StandWithPP + AllLivesMatter =
so you waste time subtweeting about it
Spot the diff ? I wore these mary janes to Work and no one noticed ! ironic
Operators can not evade their own obligations - says !
Clegg 's apology really saved the LibDems from oblivion , did n't it ? irony
The radio just tends to know what I 'm doing . ironic
It is cruel and unusual punishment to put me in the Texas section of chapel .
; having to spell check 'succeed ' while rewriting your resume .
Decided to take the morning off to watch a movie . It just HAD to be about a rocket ... ironic — watching Aloha
In order to find my new yoga place , I had to google a cake company .
Unbelievable
World gym is $ 10 a month , but for a one week trial it 's $ 33 ... ironic
Something that looks like it lives under a bridge and eats goats daily called me a troll .
Thanks for the positive post ! Sure will take heart from your encouragement and desire to see them succeed !
says the ute fan searching twitter for byu stuff ...
giroud ? Scoring so much
Realism life I am free ironic live rules children work money tv
also the same day the moon turned new , astronomy 's fault ? Line at every new moon = slump ironic
Sometimes I forget that if you 're bring ironic it just looks like its your actual self , and now you look like the poop you were mimicking .
ISHANT SHARMA IS A ASHARAM BHAKT , SIDHU IS A RADHE MAA BHAKT.AND BOTH PEOPLE ARE ACHIEVERS IN THEIR LIVES .
3rd day of UGM , 11,000+ healthcare professionals on campus , and I 'm sick as a dog IsThereADoctorInTheHouse Epic IHateBeingSick
with all the motorbikes in the Vuelta , you 'd expect more photos on Twitter and TV . ironic
We 're also 54 % through this abysmal season being over too .
If KimDavis had a gay friend , they would 've helped her pick a less embarrassing 15-minutes-of-fame ensemble to grandstand in .
Nelly who faces possible marijuana charges `` whoever made this list I do n't No what they were on . `` probably what U had on UR bus .
listening to Cuban immigrant caller talk about Trump , as I sit behind a truck with `` do n't re-elect anyone '' bumper sticker .
Interesting ! Nobody has thought of that before ...
People saying `` street '' is racist are themselves being racist . Ca n't any race be `` street '' ? JamesBond
Writing about victimized masculinity while listening to This Year 's Model
The of practising positivity and being super happy to have got tickets to Dismaland
Ironic . I 'm watching Birdman . And they are tweeting . So I 'm tweeting about that . birdman
RT : GOP Meme describes TCOT as complete too good not to Share . Hope they remembered to ShaveBallsFirst !
: The Englishman doing German Volumized Training ! ! ironic awesome
On the road to success . There are no shortcuts . 😥😥
Oh . My hatchet man got his head chopped off . ironic
Muffin ate a muffin today 😂 ironic youarewhatyoueat
Sitting in my use and effects of drugs class , impatiently waiting to get home and 😚💨💨💨
You mean grab a and wander ... past the garage ?
Sweetie says : `` I 'm sure StPeter 'll point out the folly of KimDavis ' actions & amp ; of this revelation at the PearlyGates , ! ''
Recruitment agency does a stellar job of posting this ad for a contentstrategy role - w html published ...
An old cigar warehouse and you ca n't smoke
are food Vegetarian video suggests Omnivorous can be over aggressive in defending diet . Hundreds leave angry comments .
More than likely Hope Indiana is a town that a majority of its residence did n't vote for Obama . hope getit
So , that Kentucky clerk denying marriage licenses to gay couples has been married 4 times and had her kids out of wedlock ? religion
And the song says `` there 's no place [ else ] I 'd rather be . whiteTwitter
This morning , I passed a guy on the highway whose license plate read `` hurryup . ''
I fell asleep half way through my tweet about getting old and struggling to sleep .
`` Who the fuck asked you ? '' replies yet another idiot when you disagree with their shitty opinion on a public platform like Twitter .
Charity collector for just bumped into me on Fleet St because he did n't see me . Luckily he 'saw ' the funny side of it . ironic
Listening to a group of NZ POMHS in the airport discussing how 'they are letting anyone into the UK now ' . ignorance racisminaction
so is judging . ironic
Harry Styles sent SeaWorld 's image diving - So he complains about animals trained to perform for an audience
If you ca n't hack my insults , then we ca n't be friends , but it just means I value our friendship takeitorleaveit
The more lighter fluid you add the heavier it gets
My autocorrect keeps changing GoDaddy to Godly funny
Everytime I have to wake up early in morning , I just can not sleep the entire night.Once slept , I ca n't get up . sleep life
The neighbor who said I belong in a condo with no yard to take care of has hired another neighbor to clean her yard post storm
Watching the SonyIFA live show on a Samsung TV . Superexcited ! fanboy At least I 'll be tweeting from an Xperia handset ...
true . I guess the moral of the story is unless the hosts agree with you they are biased and wrong
`` We believe good customer service is answering the phone quickly '' - customer service hold message , 10 minutes in .
My Chinese professor just told us that all Americans look the same to her ironic
it comes from , sounds legit : P
Gave talk today . Projector gave out green and mush colours . Talk was titled 'Colours ' . Audience brilliant . Already invited back !
In the country founded by people escaping religious persecution , religion only counts if it 's the right religion . KimDavis KY
I may have been off base on an comment earlier . However , we have a contender ...
We impose our students to get some work experience from corporate sector but we ca n't impose them to experience a humanity.irony thinking
8123 they chose to arm and support ISIS instead ...
You put your every data byte of Shit on social media and than u complain being judge by that ........
Is that or coincidence ? doh
I was feeling so creative when I bought my own domain name . Virtual300
In the past people got divorce because they were unhappy . Nowadays , people divorce because they could be happier ! sad truth fact
The message app got updated so do n't expect on new W10M build today , maybe tomorrow ?
It was a really `` impressive '' story 😂 life black book ironia story joke funny laugh…
stuck in traffic while I 'm supposed to be learning about traffic
I find it more comfortable to sleep with a pillow on top of my head .
Always a bridesmaid , never a bride .
Equality is hard for extremists . KimDavis uspoli
Sometimes I feel like I can pass out quicker in a tanning bed than my own bed !
Sometimes people left not because they hate you but because ... they love you too much .
Robert Kraft says deflate - gate is an over - inflated story ... hmmmm . nfl deflategate
esl I nearly spoke to a real person ! Then , after 4 years , the batteries in my landline phone decided to die ironic
$ FIVE ( five below ) just dropped about 5 below closing price .
really you should be looking urself in the mirror and saying that tho ironic icanuaehashtagsifiwantBitch
they sure are talking tough on China 's currency devaluation
Running in circles trying to straighten out my life . Ironic
Cutler Schol conv about the singularity & amp ; what makes us human . To grow human , fast from tech . To grow tech , be more human .
How can KimDavis be divorced several times and say giving gays marriage documentation will decide if she goes to heaven or hell .
I just fell asleep waiting for my coffee order ironic
So you will talk to me to only espouse your own viewpoint ? So .. really no different than anyone else .
Citing Article 10 herself while dissing BERSIH4 participants who exercised their right under Article 10 too .
2 CorrecT lmao you have OUR tag in your bio but yet you have the audacity to call US the stalkers
she sing the song about being a mistress at her birthday party the first Time ghost cheates
CopLivesMatter yet no rioting or empathy being shown here by people .
GBBO2015 & amp ; gym at the one time . Boom 😬
wait , Leatherface is `` thin-skinned '' ? ? ! Bwaahahahaa ! BBJanice CBB
I 've checked my suitcase 3 times to make sure everything is there . The odds are I will definitely forgot something
Right wing protest against refugees couched in terms of attacking militant Islamism , just what refugees are fleeing . Ironic c4news
Kukdi Lolz coz Gujarat high court says moving towards death knowingly is suicide Life
Weird . The mascot is the elephant . Many breeds of elephants are on the endangered species list . Ironic
I met a homeless guy today named Rich ironic
New Gas Stove installed today . To hot to cook !
You know you 're grown up when you root for the `` friend '' when reading a YAromance . amreading adultlife
I bet she stills calls them when she needs them though . ironic
Windows down , music turned up . Blasting Alanis Morissette because you 're just in that kind of mood . Ironic
- eating a chocolate digestive biscuit on your way to fitness training sorrynotsorry dedicatedathlete
People moaning of their horrible , distressing and totally inhumane journey on the Eurostar last night .....
Photo : It was a really “ impressive ” story 😂 life black book ironia story joke funny laugh ...
Nothing better than drunk karaoke . you 'd love us , we rocked ironic 😂 love her ! !
- Like when you Unsubscribe from spam email and then immediately get a confirmation email . See also annoying
yet two days ago you offered the same negativity
not at all , but ukip cynically claim to be outsider non politician doing things differently
What 's this ? KimDavis is on her 4th marriage ? Is this really the best person to be protecting the sanctity of marriage ? hypocrisy
Hmmmm literacy games which are sponsered by ... ? Sponsored perhaps ? irony
Well , the odds that realphans helped fund the cartel violence are better than anyone might admit . doh
Former host of `` The Man Show '' denigrates the audience of twitch and youtube gaming . ironic
In the today about passengers stuck because of refugee crisis . ironic compassion humanity
'Lightly row , lightly row , O'er the glassy waves we go ! Smoothly glide , smoothly glide , On the silent tide'irony
Murder is a six letter word . Sex is three . Funny , it usually takes me twice as long to come as it does to kill .
If we did n't have these things , we would n't need these things .
Almost died like five times just trying to drive to the doctors office . ironic
Did you know : Derk Boerrigter scored his first goal for Celtic in Injury time ! ironic
WEIRD DAY OVERALL ... WEIRD LIFE OVERALL ... IRONIC
Ironic I have to require students to introduce themself to their partners before engaging in discussion teachinglifeskills HBdailytweet
Farrah claimed people would be intimidated by her confidence when really she is the most insecure in there Ironic CBB
Cleaned a mug in lab that had a huge glob of mold in it . The mug read `` got fungus ? '' on the front . mushroomlab
s dog is named Nelly and fights marmottes on the reg ironic
Factoid : The woman refusing to issue marriage licenses to gay couples in Kentucky ? ( drum roll ) Divorced three times ! hypocrite
Unless we 're doing somthing to help/save at least one person , raving/mooning over heroes saving the world in movies is the height of
Lexington Fifers went to England lexingtonma
No , the issue is what value or benefit do we gain from listening to thearchers
All the gothic kids who do n't want to conform dress exactly the same ironic
When you are looking up homework and u stumble upon 's old college
`` It 's also a warning of the consequences of crossing China . '' -- From Weibo MilitaryParade RT
. So , an Adulterous married wife , does n't condone gay marriage coz of the Bible ? 😂😂😂😂
A person who never made a mistake , probably played it safe all along , which is a big mistake by itself . life
What an asshole ! ! ! ! ! ! Who the hell is this guy ? ? ! ! ! ! ! therapist aheadofmytime condescending…
Insagram ads . Aggggghhhhh ! IGotServed
Daughter spent hour on phone & amp ; bought tickets to see Dismaland . Then gets call to say her new FT job starts day before ticket date .
So the older dog ate the dog training book while we were at dog training lessons with the new dog . Sweet sweet
Gee , I wonder if the mothers in detention are concerned about the welfare of their children ?
There are kids who will die just to go to school and then there are kids who are already in school yet they just do n't value it . Hay
HMMM same year as Kanye 's Presidential bid Ironic
Random siting . Anyone else find this ironic ? random instadaily
For me , the shittier the day the better it is .
Its weird asking Punjab govt answers while forgetting its their authority who exposed the operation ? Ironic Media
A blue calling me bitter .
Britain 's humanitarian obligations to refugees explained there by the famously kind and compassionate Andrew Mitchell newsnight
The USA is a horrifically hard place to actually be free . The ultimate Oligarchy BLM Immigration Patriotact TPP Bernie2016
. LLNLretiree JohnWeir got to see CAMS as his son 's guest MarsAttacksLLNL CoolScienceAtLLNL
Arsenal fans planned protest over the fact the club signed no one .... no one turns up ! ! transferdeadlineday
Is it , that a petty fear become the question , when its time to choose ? life
Date hack started following me oh the bitter
This could escalate quickly ... memes hahaha
So busy tweeting about what a crappy driver the asshole in front of me was , I damned near missed my turn MNDriversSuck TrafFucked
sometime you try to help someone you end up helping your self ironic
inblomkvistsday I did n't have to stop reading a book to check a hashtag ; ) ironic
Asif Ali Zardari says he is not one of those who will run to Jeddah , in a statement issued from London . is unmistakable . Pakistan
because motoring says Liberty & amp ; Freedom like a remnant of slavery ! ! orgposterdoesntunderstandhistory
we 're supposed to do a reflection paper about drugs .... and here am I listening to 's `` strange love '' and `` gasoline '' ironic
ManUtd snds `` ChevyFC '' marketing vid of Braz . girl w/ dreams of being a footballer . 2bad no MU Ladies sq to play for . ironic
yeah our front runner is a neurosurgeon and yours is a felon
ooooohhh now that 's a bad assumption . Is n't your tag line . Not everything 's negative ftworkers bossfamily
yeah cos I am going to need a place to go soon
Kind of true for some South Asians refugeeswelcome
`` Wayne is n't part of the `` community '' ... '' states a crazy white chick LeftIsDumb
Hope and Glory of Detroit
When you almost rear end someone because you are trying to write down the number of a defensive driving school . idiot
mccann responsible for a missing person , pretending to care about missing people in an attempt to appear legit ! ironic
Y'all realize that you 're complaining about the wave distracting from the game ... But here you are being distracted by it ?
If is truly worried about her `` journalistic credibility '' she would n't be at . ironic
Do n't you hate it when your crash analytics tool crashes ? alanismorisette
Today I saw my health psychology teacher enjoying the hell out of a cig .... 😂
Notice the same girls that say they hate a `` let 's chill '' azz dude be single af .. The `` lets chill '' girl got ya man & amp ; they date 😂
Wait , you 're telling me LSU 's chancellor really refers to himself as `` F. King Alexander '' ? cmonman
Small blue whale . Like a big minivan . BigBlueLive
Oh , but according to him you ca n't touch earthworms or they 'll crawl up your body . expertopinion thingskidssay
Colonise two thirds of the world and then complain when nasty foreigners show up on your doorstep
If KimDavis was violating immigration law , then p2 would be cheering her and calling those who did not bigots tcot gaymariage
Woman in front of me on plane is discussing inappropriate behavior while simultaneously yelling into her cell phone for all to hear
The Nobel Peace Prize winner has become the single greatest sponsor of national terror . IranDeal tcot ycot
MyScaryMovieDeathI 'll be pushed into a GiantMeatGrinder & amp ; end up at TacoBell & amp ; Eaten at a Church FellowshipMeeting as Credits Roll.irony
Today I saw a girl with a `` fuck cancer '' shirt , and she was smoking . wtf ironic
People at an IT conference were offended by pictures of scantily clad women .
Football season has never meant less to me than it does this year , and it will probably be more enjoyable than ever .
Pretty much the best thing I 've seen today : A Chess Set Homage to Marcel Duchamp , w/Mustaches dada 3dartsed
Is there in this email photo I got from the DNC I 'm not really feeling the love . tcot
I think guys are as equal as complicated as girls 💁 idontcare
UK they have 666 thousand followers and the song was playing when we seen Ferguson ironic WentworthPrison
Obama wants us to know that despite giving the okay to arctic drilling , he does care about the environment ,
A Black Lives Matter t shirt but with w photo of Macklemore edgy ironic comingtohottopicthisfall
KimDavis would deny Kim Davis a marriage license based on her deeply held religious beliefs . Divorce Sin
too busy mocking our bro and burned myself fajitas
She 'll never be able to call in sick .
Says the corporate account of a TV show
Advice on how to behave from
Ca n't help but feel theres a sense of in driving to the opticians to get an eyetest ... is it just me ? shgts blinddriver
confession : i 'm eating a bowl of ice cream whilst watching the `` lose the muffin top ! '' segment on-demand ironic
My playlist to keep me awake . Ironic Spotify
Compare the Presentations to RSS and being debated openly to the whole lot of files , directly decided by10 Jan path on National issues
The world at your feet , comes with a warning ! inflight window…
Any title + “ Internet of Things “ = win | |
The book illegally using my photo is getting more downloads now than my real freebie- & gt ;
It 's the good advice that you just did n't take . ironic
Woke up and went to work early ... the train is stuck for 20 ' now
Is it mostly kids born after 1984 ?
RT : Who does Kanye think he is running for president ? What experience does he have ? None .
Chris Froome likely to abandon la vuelta on cycletoworkday ironic
It 's ironic how people can have a positive or negative impact on your life , whether we wanted it or not . lookingback
WW2 ended with over 60 million life loss , and now some countries are using this as a reason to showcase it milliary power . ww2 ironic
funny how the guy that created eHarmony lost his wife to someone she met on eHarmony
Cameron wo n't take any refugees but spends millions on faslane ironic refugeeswelcome carmeron needs to lead , smell the air numptie
I want a PS4 I have the money but no time to enjoy it ... Which is funny because when I had time I could n't afford it .
Seems hypocritical . A company that supposedly supports gay `` rights '' would pump money into Uganda Ironic
Trichloroethyline is carcinogen & amp ; neurotoxin . My uncle escaped its FX during WWII , but was ordered 2use it 2 clean films 4 premieres !
Sometimes we protect people , we protect them from us . Cuz we know what we 're capable of , and sometimes , hurting them 's the only way . ironic
. they are ! The reason the bears are not on the ice flows ( where they ought to be ) are because they have melted !
The king 's divine right to rule was settled before then . American history itself exposes the weakness of your argument .
Oh the its cycletowork day and Hermes and I are on the train…
When you 're listening to puck frep and then all of a sudden prep kids throw fireworks at the field ironic
Kentucky clerk who wo n't issue marriage licenses divorced three times -
Sometimes you got ta `` unplug '' in order to `` connect '' ....
`` 10 reasons NOT to use a statically typed FP language : A rant against something I do n't get '' 😨 😉
Just your ordinary social gathering . 😂ironicantisocial
style : When 3 teams with roots in your city abandon you for `` greener pastures '' & amp ; now want to come home all at the same time.LA
The ironical dilemma of the average Rangers fan
＿人人人人人人＿＞Sudden death＜￣ＹＹＹＹＹＹ￣Cause : [ Sunrise too strong ] 12177.0kg MolaMola OrIsIt
The lottery is a tax for people with poor math skills . : That theoretically funds education .
Judd consulting on hair testing ? ? ? ironic
Marijuana is illegal but has never caused any deaths from usage , Cigarettes kills millions & amp ; they are Legal ... ! ! LoLIrony DOME
`` So this is what a revolution looks like , people in expensive clothing running around . '' Ironic MrRobot USANetwork YourBrainOnTV
Gujarat high court has had some real zingers of late , but this is some message-from-above-level of
The only day I 've not cycles to work and it 's national cycle to work day ! ironic
Just had a dream about not being able to get to sleep ironic weird confused
Leaders who only want naïve , unthinking and unquestioning followers are cowardly and lazy.leadership communicate engagement fb
GoodNews : China Announces Cuts of 300,000 Troops at Military Parade timing is a bit ironic though .
This bar called Stonewall almost did n't let me in because my ID does n't match presentation .
Adapting global trends to local needs startup idea : halal pornsite
Sharp did you write that bulletin just to make me feel guilty this week for being ill ? chestinfection ironic gettingbetter
the of no . 10Sam Cameron is ambassador for Save the Children
This train is bringing migrants to ( but not across ) the border with Austria .
ironic how tyga had sex with a minor kyliejenner in stimulated sampled from an edm song called children
Interesting that the digital & amp ; collab economy still a dirty word for archaeology when loads of delegates staying in Air BnBs EAAGla
`` I ca n't believe I ate the whole thing ... '' ironic heartburn antacid pizza merchandising
This is hilarious-a 'reporter ' calling me a dork for not being ignorant like himself
Lol , Mexico will imprison you for 10 years just for jumping the border twice .
When a blog telling you how to create engagement on socialmedia ... is n't very engaging ... ThingsyouseeonSocial
Hear that ? ... That 's the sound of a million `` Authentic Giants Fan '' signs being torn apart
As soon as I post I have a migraine , has a promoted tweet in my timeline for . comethru myheadhurts
is n't it ironic how tyga is rapping bout how he had sex with a minor kyliejenner in stimulated sampled from a edm song called children
It 's weird that . called out . on `` why she 's so ugly '' when she 's got 's pic as her profile picture
The only 2 beverages that I keep on my desk in my room are wine and soda , but I do n't drink soda or alcohol ironic
apple 's computers were down ? ? ? snerk
`` Sometimes you feel alone in the best company and sometimes when you alone you in the best company ''
what does it profit a man to gain the world and lose his soul
So I am doing good on my writing for english but horrible otherwise . Ironic I am a good writer who doesnt understand simple grammar & amp ; vocab
Humanity Die with this kid . Shame on you arabs UAE Kuwait SaudiArabia world ISIS UK US Jokeofworld
Love the inspirational quotes ( that take 10 seconds to write ) encouraging me to finish my screenplay ( that takes a year to write )
Genuine British xenophobia imo .. lol The same jews they speak of then , now own and control the whole industry .. lololo
Deadline Maketh Work.Work Maketh Deadline.Irony ShootMeHarry
Luckily that cop did n't see me jaywalking because he was texting
The least intelligent sell-out politician in Aus history , complains of `` lack of strategy ''
. no wait , the rowing world championships… wait , wait , cricket… . on Radio 5 ! Support the BBC ! ! !
This is the reason the country is shit . Not the `` bloody foreigners ''
... oh great TomBrady is free ... There goes my FantasyFootball season . And deflategate is well , 'deflated ' .
So I just took this screenshot to share : drugs pharmacy pharmaceutical
cycletowork Hermes train well you 've got the bike and you 're not in a car . I 'll walk as usual ; it 's twice as far too cycle
switzerland LineGirlAndStaci Iconic Ironic covalent metal chose your words carefully
Dear world : stop ranting on social media have real conversations with people . ironicpost seewhatididthere
Just had a UCA maintenance truck stop by my shop needing parts to fix their equipment .
Libyans must be so grateful for Norway 's help back in 2011 , not to mention all the help since then .
Maybe the wife did n't want the old car , besides how can she be jumping buses when hubby has new car ? ironic
: The word free is more often used to describe an item that is lacking an ingredient or quality , and costs more .
Monza merchandise area and on the they are playing ridersofthestorm ironic
Makes my day at work when folk share that cheeky nandos video when they are the biggest cheeky nandos in existence pleasing
You watch , Brady will tear his ACL on his first snap tonight and miss the whole season .
Mr. Preo seems to be sending conflicting msgs : `` No electronic devices '' signs hanging from extension cords .
Would n't it be Ironic if Kim Davis was sent to Jail for contempt & amp ; the other female inmates made her their `` Girlfriend . ''
brady punished for not cooperating an NFL punished for not cooperating with Brady ! NFL deflategate
Google Diagnostic page for an funny
how is that bigger than the Kardashians ? ; )
At today listening to a band run through all my life ironic
When Instagram publishes an update to its Windows Phone app , you 're never disappointed ! Nice work guys ! modify RudyHuyn king
But a Yarmulke is an even greater symbol for Jews .
No volume on YouTube so I google the problem . What 's top of the page ? A YouTube explainer video
Have you noticed how people tend to accuse others of the exact thing that they do THEMSELVES ? ? weird observations foodforthought ironic
will be interesting to see the ABC story on this in the morning
And `` Could Riley Curry be the next U.S . President ? '' nohope twittersfault
Jeb says in Spanish , `` Trump is not Conservative . '' from CommonCore Amnesty Obamacare guy .
defined : sending junkmail to advertise their ad services . snailmail stillrelevant
A pic of us pre-tech meeting last night ...
I 'm pretty sure spray painting on public property is though
Hate when people use to many hashtags on things . lame lol hashtag lookingforattention
Noon Toons who were challenging Imran khan are scared of his man Aleem khan in NA122 .
It ’ s ironic what the future holds for these talented Indian women :
Bloody hell royalmail is holding my AnneSummers parcel hostage 😡 Awkward apparently it was too big for the letter box ironic 😂😂
Listening to `` Life is a Highway '' sitting in bumper to bumper traffic . 😐
Just realised the the ex Rangers directors charged yesterday at Glasgow Sheriff Court were Green and Whyte isitallacelticconspiracy
frost Cookie banners are a pain but you seem to be serving two ! ? ! FYI your website makes my PC fan stress out : ¬ ( IRONIC
also said same should be expected from FNs . Trouble is , govt is terrible - worst- example of both . cdnpoli
... Xenofoobs should be shot into spaceirony
Moslems are not safe at Moslem countries . They fled to Christian countries for safety and new beginning . ironic
More women check me out than men . menwomenratio no men left
I ai n't puttin ' too much effort into these salmon croquettes today . Watch it be the best batch I 've ever produced .
is loving his but advertising for trucks ... ironic truckstuff
Top job Hodgson , keep up the good work .
When you 're at the dentist and `` Ca n't Feel My Face '' comes on over the speakers .
Hot on Google+ : `` Shakira still undisputed queen of Facebook ''
Its so graphic ! Oh , the of the car century .
A La Plata en micro por $ 2,85 . It 's q free ride when you 've already paid ironic
Wait . What ? When did this happen ? Why was n't I told ?
I bet this Egyptian who robbed Daesh in Syria will resurface many years later as a `` counter-terrorism expert . '' IS
They get the uber-liberal , anti-Wall Street ( narrator for Inside Job documentary ) for their commercials .
FunFact : More people have been blocked by stand-up comics who could n't take a bit of trolling , than anyone else .
ironic oxymoron your for repro and womens health when both you and PP do the opposite with your mandate.double speak
Writing a blog about fatigue but my own fatigue and brain fog make writing about fatigue difficult . ironic IBD fatigue crohns
GOP candidate Fiorina believes English is the official language of the US ... There is no official language . We love diversity ...
Now watch Tom Brady get injured for the season in week 1 .
. Exactly . All crap . I 'm sure we 'd all MUCH rather watch Pointless and Eastenders . SUCH high quality viewing .
Aside from the fact this tweet is deeply offensive , your surname looks awfully foreign to me boy . Cunt UKIP
Single best bookstore section ever . Love small book stores .
accepting apps for Next-Generation Student Council , grades 10-12 . Must be MAILED by Sept. 30. ironic
Would n't it be ironic after this deflategate ruling if Brady gets injured first week and is out for season . DontlikeBrady
Going on a sea plane today for my dad 's birthday & amp ; he decides to tell me that he is NOW getting nervous 😑 he was in the airforce ... ironic
A depressing day , yet productive . ironic
Oh , the is magnificent !
`` Twitter is like my 'personal ' diary '' - Pilankar Pilankaring
I could have given her my umbrella but I overthought and folded , like an umbrella .
Maybe they should both be on MTP so you can toss them softballs all morning .
What is this world coming to when a homeless man w/a sign that read `` any little thing helps '' rejects a sandwich I purchased for him ?
Makes you wonder why so many struggle with investing time in training their team to do this better . Do n't you think ? Ironic
Pretty sure this is evidence of bigotry and hypocrisy , not so much religious freedom . marriageequality
Vaughn99 you talking about preaching filth ! Racists
hoping there 's involved ... I 'm pretty sure I know exactly where that is .
I blame Republicans . Oh wait , she is a Democrat . Ha Ha !
The respect shown our speaker in the PAC today was lukewarm . This , kids , is an example of understatement - a form of
to something when Warne is giving advice to an Obnoxious Loudmouthed Aussie ...
The ironic thing in the LabourPurge if anyone is illegible for being purged for not being loyal its JeremyCorbyn LabourLeadership
I 'm more overwhelmed by all of these Labor Day sale emails than I am with my work emails ironic
`` My church bigger than your church ! You wannafight ? '' mystudents cryinglaughs dontworryispoketruthtothat
Yet Liz is by far the best leader they could have ! : -D farce labourleadership
Texas people are some the nicest people , yet some of the rudest drivers ironic
Goodell tries to accuse Brady of not cooperating ; suspension gets overturned partially because Goodell was n't cooperating Brady
`` There 'll be no open mindedness on this '' - on support for clerk who refused to issue marriage licenses to same sex couple
Republicans vs. the Constitution : Would-be presidents endorse Kim Davis ’ brazen illegality
They should have the following on the rifles . `` Thou shalt not kill '' & amp ; '' treat others as you wish to be treated '' irony 😂
pixar abugslife crazy funny ironic look what I found at work
Maybe the Judge is overseeing the appeal . RT RT The NFL has announced it ...
That 's what happens when you loose your guitar picknailpolish life
Reeallly now 👂🎶
ironic back to back tweets eatyourveges
KimDavis might be a Democrat but the judge who threw her in jail is a Republican appointee . ironic
This popped up while putting my PPT on a thumbdrive ... Definitely adding this
How can one stand so firmly anti-gay in a city called Morehead , KY ? KimDavis
Seeing a recovery vehicle broken down on junction 16 of the m4 made my day
Tarun Tejpal fits the bill ; but she did n't utter a single word against him . Rather she supported him .
What if the anti-gay KY clerk meets her 5th spouse in jail and it 's a woman ?
Guys are always trying to go back to their fallback girl but at some point she fell back and she 's done with him ironic
I 'm the sort of person who does n't learn from mistakes . However mistakes do learn from me
`` fuck off , corporate america ! '' - guy on twitter
Was supposed to go to Labour leader debate tonight to ask a question about teacher workload . Ca n't go , as I have too much work to do ironic
Getting emails from nationwide advertising their mobile banking that I can never get working . Always needs a card reader . ironic
StupidCollegePeople
Much like how you guys are paid by publishers to speak positively about the games you review !
Listening to this on MusicMessenger classic song Ironic
Injured myself while instructing on Lab Safety teacherproblems
Miss Tammy Wynette is the first lady of country music then got No1 hit in eighteen countries in electronica . ironic
Signed the GOP pledge . Said as long as he 's `` treated with respect '' he 'd continue . Scuse me while I die laughing .
Sounds like Kim Davis will become someone 's wife in jail - NoLicenseNeeded
. , please make KimDavis enjoy ( maybe climax for the first time during ) the cavity search . The will be delicious .
Books are being sold on the street and shoes are being displayed in glass cabinets ! ! paradox modernity
Today , it 's Roger Goodell 's balls that are deflated .
'Aaj jaane ki zidd na karo ' giving me company while MS PowerPoint sucks the life outta me .
It 's funny how religion plays no part in government , but government plays part in religion ,
dates a pilot , complains about the planes waking her up
Tripping on shoelaces that were made to prevent you from falling from loose shoes
The ironic comparison of cannabis & amp ; pharmaceuticals . MMJ FDA CBD NCI cancer pharmaceuticalindustry health
This is very ironic A $ is one of the main reasons people have a negative picture of autistic children AutismUnity
The most transparent administration in history conducted business using private email accounts ?
Photo : That ’ s what happens when you loose your guitar pick nailpolish life
Goodell in '07 `` We must protect the integrity of the NFL . The highest standards of conduct must be met by everyone in the NFL ... '' ironic
In Biblical times , Kim Davis would n't be allowed to hold office , & amp ; she 'd have been stoned to death for adultery .
Those feminist who blaming Sunny Leone for seducing the man in the condom ad are the same feminists who advocates women empowerment 😠
everyone 's a goalkeeping expert ! The same people who complained about de gea at the start balloons
watch them start 0-4 vikingsmakeplayoffs
While I agree , this coming from the same people who discussed the ACA in those terms =
Ironic why people drive to the local gym to do some exercise - then block the bike sheds cycletowork
DirecTv/AT & amp ; T portal glitches when scheduling the recording .
On the advice of , begins exploring root causes of tragedies ironyelxn42 cdnpoli
I had to leave journalism to become an editor LOL -
We see humans around but not humanity ... : ( ShameOnArabRulers
A bitter truth in a funny illustration .
Missing the Michigan game because I 'm flying to Michigan
Even artificial grass is high maintenance ... Astro Turf brought a smile to my face !
All the most vociferous ppl against immigration I know are jocks living in England
It 's perfectly fine for libtards when government wants to have dialogues with terrorists party mqm .
Just see my old IT Teacher who used to moan about smoking , having a fag ! ironic
At the hospital for Benae 's pre-op & amp ; they are playing `` Bad Medicine '' in the office . ironic shouldwebeworried
ironic and probably the MY FAVORITE facebook status update I 've ever seen . biglebowski…
Who knew my biggest problem with this visa application would be trying to crop and upload a fucking photo . FML
I genuinely hope that KimDavis gets forced to eat sooooo much pussy in jail😂😂😂 marriageforeveryone
..... so says a NAT . lackofselfawareness
Really hoping nfl 's appeal goes back to same judge .... Karma
I did n't know that ! Thanks for that info ! lmao
apparently you 've never worked in a state office building . albany deptoflabor theydontwork
. I 'm not gon na lie . KimDavis is very entertaining . Another `` above the law '' democrat denying LBGT marriages . CONFLICT
Love persuades . Love does n't insist on its own way . Love keeps no record of wrongs . LoveWins jailclerk
`` Stop hating people '' says the protester waving a sign that says `` Fk you Kim Davis ''
more people have died leaving safe countries to get to the EU than if they would have all stayed in Syria ect
Yes I 'm back in DC . Was here already , drove to Richmond , but flight from Rich to Charleston had layover in DC . HubAndSpoke
Ironic use of a Tequila bottle , must mean North America . @ Kansas Originals Market & amp ; Gallery
MADD campaigns to have strict penalties and jail time for DUI offenders . President gets 5 day sentence ...
the great get together is so inclusive ! I think precious even . mnfair dairylanddiaries
She left the on high there .
Trying to be on a healthy diet and then get hired at PizzaHut the of it is all but real
My x left me for another man n I understood why , she was a nature freak and I hunt gators . Her new man cleans boats .
Somehow this blog about protecting child survivors from media has become a most popular but un-liked piece .
`` uphold law of the land '' Definition of
Oh THIS IS GOOOOD ! design logos
Sen. Anderson brings up CMP lies about Planned Parenthood to stop our bill that fights lying to women ReproFACTAct
Young gay happily out friend : `` I do n't tell people I 'm a Christian , or they 'll think I 'm an intolerant person who hates everybody . ''
the Conservatives own the mass media WTF
of Life - when you see two very different cars parked next to…
Funny that it 's supposed to be anti-terrorist but it 's called the Crusader
I 'm excited about my new coworker seeing that I had a say in him getting hired n I just saw him on the bus lol
Madonna 's flipagram ironic PopeFrancis MerciTour follows Madonna ...
I can see your point following Liverpool must be better than the 'proverbial losers ' 😉
1 . What law ? 2 . Telling KimDavis her beliefs are wrong is exactly what u accuse Christians of
1966 LTW The of saying 'Britain for the British ' in Ireland ?
to Rosie on : ISIS is a group targeting `` minorities , educated people , those that do n't agree with them '' cdnpoli
Go to hospital for checkup , leave with a sprained ankle onlyme clumsy ironic
I love the fact this sad badly dressed woman has been married 4 times ! ! KimDavis hypocrisy
The US apparently put me extremely out of the loop of things , To Britain where I can go sleep under my rock and still be in the loop ! Irony
Madonna 's flipagram ironic PopeFrancis MerciTour follows Madonna ...
Almost accidentally went into the women 's bathroom . Then I realized , nowadays it would n't really matter .
There 's huge crowd at the arena for the JGP as usual .
Get some comedy on ya wall handmadehour ironic poster
But actually , my favourite version of `` Motorhead '' ( the song ) is the Hawkwind version where Dave Brock sings .
Everyone at work pronounces `` Pronunciation '' `` pronounciation ''
Harems getting precedence over temples .. Hindu
Commented on StockTwits :
The email was about the inefficiency of their communications and how email would have been faster .
So I guess this means , that after the Tom Brady 's incident , Roger Goodell is the only one with deflated balls atm .
As this country gets more secular , all that Catholic Indoctrination of my youth is coming in handy . KimDavis
Is this more of a pot calling the kettle black or a glass house resident throwing stones ? Ca n't decide tcot
People complaining bout the migrant crisis because of one photo-A tweet ai n't gon na change anythin .. 😕hypocrites
Hey , better beware where you park or you 'll get the `` Denver Boot '' ! ! !
Why does 'reformed ' alcoholic Phillip Howard say to Danni her trifle needs more champagne ? ironic greatbritishmenu
HillaryClinton demands that people obey the law ... while her aides plead the 5th
: Aatagara Top 1 BMS Mangalore on Thursday and Friday no shows
ironic you were sleepin ' on the same one you 've been dreaming about .
Total word count for the day , 5 words : `` She forced herself to focus . '' ironic sortawriting
Scott It 's ironic the federal government can choose not to enforce federal immigration laws they do n't like .
seems that that this `` tolerance '' movement is very intolerant
Madonna 's flipagram ironic PopeFrancis MerciTour follows Madonna RebelHeartTour f2f in love 😆❤🙏♥😉
you know you announced that to Twitter ? ironic
Applies To So Many Things in Life life
Its funny how Trump 's parents were immigrants . ironic
Transgender-ness is the ultimate slap to the feminist movement 's face . Guys thinking they are better at being a woman than women .
And now they 're playing TheRamones . IWannaBeSedated . At an anti-drug event . is dead and they 're fucking its corpse !
They are playing Jimi Hendrix over the public stereo at an anti-drug event . just died .
I would n't have even known who Kim Davis was if it were n't for disapproving social media giving her attention .
I 'm listening to the song `` Wasting Time '' by in the Kindergarten school pickup line ... Inappropriate and Ironic 👍🏻Yep ...
My father said he felt something poking him in his back pocket and found this . TheD Vegas
When you beat to class every time for the first two weeks ! 👌😉 Ironic
It 's sad when you work in film and you ca n't even find time to go to see a movie ...
📐 I am the one making baseless assumptions ?
Hopefully Kim Davis will get a crash course in same-sex love whilst in jail . Ya know , OITNB style KimDavis
The and hypocrisy writ large of the article placements obviously escaped the limited IQ of
good heavens , you of all ppl talking about following laws .
The of a Loyalist talking about 'Britain for the British ' while living in Ireland ! & amp ; calling refugees 'Tramps '
I think if one of Kim Davis ' former husbands post her bail , some small form of justice will have been served .
. plays for but his club is
Same look after every playoff loss he had too
Kimmel playing games on TV after writing a sketch belittling people that watch other people play games ...
And the losing GOP candidates will have to support Trump cuz they signed Loyalty Pledge .
Why is anybody listening to Snowden ? Without Snowden , how would the people know ? Without Snowden , how wou…
3 Hours Power Cut in Bengaluru 3 Hours Power Supply in Villages But Flood Lit KPL cricket matches in Hubli
B : That does n't say 'BED ' ! Those are my initials ; Blanche Elizabeth Devereaux.D : Your initials spell 'BED ' ? ! goldengirls
Great for you -for those in talks maymay not be helpful . Secrets
There 's no room in here cause nothing 's there
Well deserved ice cream after my long shift at the health fair ! Hahaha ironic mnstatefair
honorary prefixes has lost its luster . abandoning in entirety would bring out the humans behind them .
Saw a man protesting in front of the store today talking on his iPhone . ironic
while one was nice enough to see and return , the other is aiding a larger sum out for her own gains
Hickory Tavern in Columbia
WC ready to preform the water show and .......... It rains and lightens 😒
Unreal , it 's ironic because Bush and Hillary have many donors in common .
Loud snoring neighbor greatest gift when you want to sleep 💤🔊🎧
You know white people get money do n't spend it or maybe they get money buy Venice KanyeWest lyricalgenius thesinkingcity
. McCallWait ... Atheism is a myth ? ! Irony
we feel safer with clerk Davis behind bars and Hillary is still front runner for POTUS . Whatdifferencedoesitmake
When a `` lib '' calls you on your stupidity , you have a hissy fit and block them . CrybabyConservative Dumbass
Larry Fedora 's head may explode out of the top of his visor . Ironic
In fact , people will actually tweet their disdain for oligopolies from their oligopoly-provided cell phones
Crazy how much people change into who they said they never would😂 ironic
Blimp near cowboys stadium : `` keep your eyes on the road '' ... kthanks
Bryce calling someone a mean girl . projectrunway
Watching a docu on fitness obsession while eating Blue Bell ice cream .
Who had JW scoring the first TD of the season ? ! ?
Meeting the man of my dreams and then meeting his beautiful wife ... is n't ironic ? Do n't you think ? 😐😜ironic Thursday
She nearly DESTROYED HP and now she 's running for president ? stonethrower
we talking kimdavis or ?
Just saw a girl riding her bike home after spin . ironic
got ta love how superstore 's submit comment function wo n't even work , when you go to complain about something else not working lol
That person that uses to many hashtags StopIt TooManyHastags ThisHashtagIsToLongToBeAHashtag Ironic IdontHaveFriends Hashtag FollowMe
I 'm gon na lose sleep tonight while writing a paper about how sleep can help you ironic
JMac , the dentist , eating Fun Dip . bb17
Kim Davis was trying to enforce her version of religious based `` sharia law '' . ironic
Well , looks like she is going to hell as well as jail now . 😜
Everything 's funny when I 'm NOT high ironic
USA encourages war , war causes refugee crises , refugees are accepted by other countries except the USA . ironic
Vogey struggling on the mound tonight and hitting home runs .
Made a to-do list so that all the stuff I have to do would seem manageable . List completely overwhelmed me . Had a mini panic attack .
and yet walks free .
Get an All State agent and be protected from Mayhem ! 😂😂😂
How do you open this smart water ! 😩
Someone called me a hoe today . Lol ironic
What 's that .. You did n't like my tweet ? Too bad you force your paper on 1000s of homes , even when requested not to .
You say officials must follow the law -- end of story '' - You 're kidding , right ? Oh , I think the story is far from over .
I have to activate my AppleTV for every episode of MrRobot on the shitty app .
UM lineman Kyle Kalis is the son of Todd Kalis . Former ASU lineman who beat Harbaugh in 87 RoseBowl !
It 's ironic how when we were kids we hated being sent to our room , but now it 's the place we want too be most ... teens relatable ironic
Blackmon is white ironic 😝
Strong has weak hands
Journalism students practiced/learnt journalism skills while responding to pennygate . ironic swarmconf
Man , forgot to mention ... With Lobstein promoted to Tigers , his start Friday will go to ... Josh Zeid . Ironic
Suddenly both the words `` educated '' and `` liberal '' are synonymous with evil . The is killing me 😑
I wish the did everything EXCEPT tell time AppleWatch
Tulane is the green stain and they do n't even have a green field Ironic
Tebow did n't get out of the box . ironic
Amazes me that people were rooting for Rumble to beat Jones if they fought , because Jones was such a horrible human being .
If David Fales can throw a touchdown while falling down , I think I can tackle some new volleyball rotations . DaBears Ironic
`` Some lives matter more than others , Charles .. '' BlackComicsChat Marvel
listening to what do you mean while doing organic hw ironic
Staying up late to write a post that advises people to get more sleep . hypocrite goodnight
Even if season 6 of 'Lost ' have been released 7 years ago ... They still got Dr. Bae . lol Lost timelord jokes
We are sorry kid , we can tweet for you but can not actually help you . syrianchild
You do realise it 's people like us IT geeks who had the bright idea years ago that surveys could be sent out like that ? ; - )
at its best
you caught me like a sea creature ironic
Australia ’ s Brutal Treatment of Migrants So proud to be Australian ! Thanks .
: Same here . That `` judge not '' thing you keep quoting.you 're doing it wrong
us Here is one of your ambassador 's cars parked in a charging station . ironic
As soon as you stop referring to him as `` Jewish Jesse '' . Pretty sure that first part is n't on his birth cert ...
I am more confident of Chinese market recovering than Indian . Even tho XI is in all sorts of trouble .
Yes . Officials should be held to their duty to uphold the law . EliteWorldProblems ClintonPrivilege
Anyone else see in this ? If it WAS pot how many years would he have gotten ? ? ! Did `` buyers '' get busted ? ?
Is this what Kerala does , with its highest Sex Ratio in the country ? irony
Thanks Microsoft for new clutter box . Now I get another junk mail from you every hour to tell me I have been de cluttered ! ironic
A guy who convinced Mata to join united , now wants to leave .
. how can you trot out the ' I 'm allright jack ' statement when you are involved in tax avoidance schemes
When you only sub tweet people its annoying so I unfollow you ironic
Street art that 's been vandalized . streetart ironic vandalizm art popart Belgium Brussels
So , Post office could n't get into the building to deliver a letter . So they did sent a letter ( which i got )
People will tell you to be yourself and judge you for that . achasorry
Sitting nervously waiting for a telephone conference with a renowned GI Professor ..... now my stomach is in knots
Why is the nffc twitter feed full of dcfc fans today ?
Tim Fargo on Twitter : `` On the road to success , there are no shortcuts ... quote leadership …
This was great ! Just heard on poem 'Ssshhh ' by ironic but I 'm not in a library so prob ok
What if the Kangas accidentally win this ? Ironic AFLTigersNorth
Funny ... those are the same words people of color use when encountering police ... BlackLivesMatter
Has she been photographed with a 'welcome ' placard too ?
Just tried to type `` std '' to Shou and autocorrect changed it to `` DTF '' 😂😂😂
Im in shock Bashar has killed thousands of people+ kids+women with the help on Iran but no1 speaks against him y ? Ironicبشار قاتل الاطفال
& gt ; spends a year libeling people for tweeting a hashtag & gt ; evidenced accounts of pedophilia is `` abuse '' sjwirony
how ironic ... Kristen & amp ; Josh celebrate 10yrs together then ashleymadsion happens in same yr. stabbedintheheart RHONYReunion
Thank God KimDavis is in jail
when you have less AP homework than regular class homework ... ironic
Yes , that 's the next step . `` No more surveys , yiepiee ! '' HangOn : - )
Left being Right !
she herself is constantly being so negative n then she says how others r being negative to her
Apparently : September is LIAM15 . Is the sponsored ad in my newsfeed tonight denied calculatedrisk boo
ragazza The is your argument was invalid so you turned it into a MEMEME situation . Same way you said they 're acting .
our technology helpdesk just called me for help . ihelped noididnttellthemtoturnitoffandturnitonagain
So the new letterbox I brought for the front door is to big to go through the letterbox so I have to pick it up ! Oh the irony !
Pope Francis draws crowd on Rome shopping trip - Old Science eh ? Irony
Paint them RED
How could Cornelius Vanderbilt be such a success story but the football team blows ?
The stock markets now are like an old man 's dick ? Just refusing to rise , and the is that everyone is still getting screwed !
Quarterback play loses the game ironic
Ex-pat Littlejohn cobbles together another ill-informed rant while sat next to his swimming pool in Florida
RT : I would love to , but I ’ ll be on site with a customer M-F in Texas .
Im looking forward to re-watching this season more than any other for that reason . It will be like re-watching The6thSense bb17
Rewatching Season 1 of projectrunway this week and OH MAN . Heidi 's outfits ! Perfect way for this series to show its age .
More like ironic because deleting a Beyoncé pic is blasphemous
so the `` blue '' feel the same as many people of color ... BlackLivesMatter
Ironically , I always thought the Deflategate story was `` overinflated . '' deflategate patriots
Indian male population hair cut bill pa is more thanPakistan defense budget n these people threaten us n our leaders listen.irony
Tired but very happy . ironic 👊🏻💀
Yep absolutely . Now I just ignore the requests to complete 'em
We hate to be judged but we often judge quickly . ironic
Whenever Republicans state KimDavis is a democrat , remind them the judge who jailed her was appointed by George W. Bush .
But as per some ppl pain kills feelings .. !
So I 'm watching Disney channel and there were two Bestfriends named Nick and Ian weird ironic
This guy goes to India , sings 'Chor di khudai main ne terey liye ' and then comes back and sings Tajdaar-e-Haram like a devout Muslim .
I 'm late for our undergraduate symposium ironic
If you have a problem just say it , do n't be a passive bitch who relies on subtweets to get her point across youknowyouhaveaproblem
Just losing my ability to cope with the flaws in people as well as people 's ability to come to terms with those flaws ironic
My favorite part of Allstate commercials is when they say `` this offer is not valid in all states . ''
As I lay here and ca n't sleep . This is in my head . ironic much ? ! triplee andymineo insomniac 116
Stop throwing shade at people goddamn it 's not that hard . ironic
Teenager with `` you ca n't teach fire to be afraid '' in her bio just said she 'd teach CBB Americans about educated arguments .
is .. sen. Akpabio leaving his 'world class ' hospital to fly abroad for treatment after crash.Lol MedicalTourism FunnyWorld
In Sweden we donate millions to the refugees while some ca n't stand to see penniless asking for money on the street refugeeswelcome
is when you tried everything to get tickets , and sends you an email about a 'Dana Winner Concert '
I was hammered by the BLM trolls yesterday ( along with death threats ) for calling them a hate group . 😜😜😜
The `` sometimes funny '' response that I got everytime I say I 'm from Jakarta , Indonesia . `` Indonesia ? Where is that ? '' - LOL ! : D ironic
Some girl was asked to spell a word out of certain letters . She said retarded . A guy said no there is no second R available
Coming from a guy supporting BlackLivesMatter . The
Yet joggers are more popular than ever .
Hiding from a white Mercedes at lunchtime filled with people shouting `` wanker '' at me !
There 's a theory that moths are attracted to🔥 coz fire light is on the same wavelength as the female moth 's light spectrum
at its very best
Just discovered that the word 'glamour ' comes from the word 'grammar ' . etymology Iwillusethatone
You have displayed a wonderful ability to respond to myfriend ; o )
The evangelical `` pope '' tweeting about fallen pastors , instead of watching his own doctrine ironic
Rumour has it Hodge had a couple of red hots with Stevie Motlop In Colacgofigure ironic
kett it 's only a matter of time before sues Sirius just like his hero NastyTweet
So Goodell wants to appeal Judge Berman 's ruling ? I think it would be great if Berman judged the appeal . 😂freebradynflpatriots
Exhausted following a 7year olds sleep study ironic
Found this little card in our rental car under a dusty dashboard .
The White-flight SaltBowl is played in Pulaski Co AR where many of the Benton and Bryant Parents , Grandparents `` fled '' from .
The that u ca n't understand that they flee a religious theocracy ? why would they go to another one ?
Good news ! Stanford scientists say `` Only '' 40-foot sea level rise expected from stabilized 350-400 ppm CO2
Rahat Fateh Ali Khan and Shafqat Amanat Ali Khan performing in a concert , and guess who 's the third artist ? Umair Jaswal .
`` I fear we are the last of the daydreamers . '' You can bet I 'm going for the here , posting a…
They put that nice store in at 15th and Walnut , but the service is horrible even outside the store . Ironic
Clinton ‘ jeopardized national security ’ by using private email server – Snowden on so many levels ...
what 's the point of calling for a new protest instead of joining the one that was marched days ago ? unity وحدا الانتخابات بتنضف
Happy first day of my Summer vacation ! ! At home sick ... 😝😷
is n't it that says for everyone yet lock everyone through GPS Playstore ? ha ha high level ethics ? ? android
It 'll be ironic when Brady loses the first four games of the season .
Did the front office have the munchies when they set the TA Gen Adm base price ? RCTID hmmm
Some ironic for a funny home ! design ashtray smoking cigarette crowdfunding humor
Christians shoot with Christian gun ironic
tweetlove all above and fellow authors writers writerslife HATE CRIME , LOVE CRIME FICTION , ironic
Oh look , / / managed to give me more bad information . What a shock to the system . astonished
Yobs spray 'Die , Muslims , die ' in graffiti attack - on Sikh temple
somebody on about class with a tweet like this
I like the of tweeting an article about not using social media ; - ) interesting read and definitely will test
apparel it was amazing ! ! ! Thank you ! Except for those shoes . I hated them ! 😉 joking shoedreams 😴😌
and i 'm a dancer ! 😂😂 ironic klutz
The guy on the TV that CNBC is asking for clarity from on the UE number , missed the number by more than anyone else .
Kid Minorities , Hispanics & amp ; the middle class ALL suffered the most during his Presidency Ironic No ? Welfare/FS Up BIG
Picking up your freshly washed duvet and fag ash lil is smoking all over the laundrette . Ironic or just a nobhead ?
Frankly if u r a feminist n hold the mandate for women rights ... sniggering away on mention of Sunny Leone ai n't helping ur cause
Speaking of Rude . Having slandered a political party without proof .
Mixed feelings for the suicidal kids , partly hyper-romantic media industry and partly parents negligence is reponsible . schoolkids
This is ironyA white guy holding a blackpower sign .
Is it wrong to be sat eating bacon butties while watching a programme on obesity ? ! ? ! ironic healthylifestyle healthyeating
I am waiting for the dangling bicycle helmet to fall and hit the helmet owners unprotected head . lifecycle ironic
I dont think the IAASummit was well advertised until it started : - )
Jaw-Dropping Quote : WH Says “ No Public Official Is Above The Law ” After Kentucky Dem Clerk Jailed hypocrisy
Get off Twitter . SocialMedia by beam via
Is it not that and India celebrate the TeachersDay in Manekshaw Auditorium & amp ; ....
If you are waiting for the waiter , are n't you the waiter ?
Anyone checked on BB alums to make sure they ok ? Derrick ? Danielle ? Y'all ok out there ? ? ? Funny they doubt the best gamer . BB17 IRONIC
read somewhere that it 's her fourth husband . lolz
's BoyMeetsGirl very well written and cast .. classic british humour paving the way 4 transgender awareness funny sensitive
A believer says I must n't be `` prejudiced '' .
At 2 mins 20 secs someone shouts 'oh ! be careful '
I was really surprised too , that my chains was shortened a bit : P. freedom
Further more , BLM is being lead by a white guy calling the shots which is ironic to say the least .
KimDavis is a criminal for not issues marriage licenses to gays . WendyDavis was a hero for issuing death sentences to the unborn . ironic
If truly cares about TPA where were they when Pierhouse , & amp ; now the current Aurora + tribune proj being planned & amp ; built ?
After 25 years of playing rugby my injury has been diagnosed as a `` footballer 's ankle '' rugbyproblems
National Football League didn ’ t follow the rules , not Tom Brady ^JR
Who said sex is taboo ? Make love , not war ! design condom ironic humor crowdfunding
There is a certain when a spam filter starts to send the same status report message at two minute intervals ... facepalm fail
The stupid clerk should be fired oh wait YOU CANT FIRE GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES -- your rules liberals
Many of us that are saying this arrived here because of the same situation the Syrians are facing .
Amazed by how much second smoke I inhale driving by UVM medical center each day . btv
This dickhead perth drivers idiot perthisok perthlife tweetperth waste wa fail p.s I…
Books that was purely my perception , again ! Truth IMO
Of course I find the perfect pair of work pants 1 week before my last day . alanismuch ? ironic isitthough
Lol ... Going by this kishiya after 17-18yrs , your kishiya might be among the little girls holding flowers for you at your wedding🙊
Oh fuck me sideways - Piers Morgan is taking the moral high ground in the Daily Mail ... at its best
The of LaborDay by
Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis does n't issue gay marriage licenses and will go to jail -where she will immerse herself in lesbian activity .
Mum to child at shop display : `` No you ca n't - Halloween was a nightmare last year ! ''
did it weightlifting 😬 ironic
this cleanup by Fauj is preparing the ground for the next mess RunningInCircles PakistanArmy quraishi
he looks much better suited for that offense , reminded me of Mullin 's Orange Bowl offense against OU and , Bradford
I wish there was a device to help me remember how to spell 'mnemonic ' ... jokeoftheday
Getting directions off a yank in London ironic
The University Hospital cafeteria has a Burger King . Promoting atherosclerosis much ?
red cross forgot to mention new teeth
`` [ There 's ] an unconscious vision white people have—that their grandchildren might be a hated minority . '' - actual white nationalist .
singsong I actually do n't like apple that much . 📯 Head on over to the live stream for more eggplant awkward moments .
When you wait on a text for a bit then fall asleep wake up and realize they fell asleep too goodthing dontwait ironic
When your own UnderTheDome screencaps are of much higher quality than these so-called promo pics , CBS always releases ....
Stuck on EC exp delay 4hr 20 mins . Received marketing email from Virgin entitled 'Travelling with us is as easy as ABC '
rennie FYI - most of the problems stem from the Westminster austerity budget agenda supported by the
keepin it 💯 . | vsco vscocam snapchat hundreds ironic 100
you guys have to recruit as Ironman for DubsmashWars i mean the CivilWar
And while the papers are full of stories about migrants the ECB quietly pumps billions of newly printed taxpayers ' money into banks .
there 's something awfully ironic to me about a creditcard that says freedom on it ...
Mines READ EVERY RNS and show faith for 5 years.I guess I 'm the one slow to react too ! ironic
Republicans Actually DO Like Obama ’ s Ideas…When They Think They ’ re from
I procrastinated sending this important email and now I 've been waiting four days for a reply . dying
Led by Saudi Arabia , Persian Gulf oil countries resist tough climate agreement Our allies
Seriously , very impressive stuff , 192 GFLOPs/6W is solid ... but a 1400 instruction RISC ISA . : - )
: Indians who get worked up by Bangladeshi refugees or even Bihari immigrants being heart broken by European refugee crisis
Are we really worse off today ? ironic fridayfunny papermedia
Thinking I 'm easily offended is the easiest way to offend me .
Unfortunately , supermarket logistics mean less food miles overall .
i love these mfers that go to yoga all the time , eat only organic local sourced food & amp ; have a medicine cabinet full of perscriptions
How mortified must you be , associating with people who are shite at their jobs ?
if you appeal they become vexated and obsessive
Sorry . Forgot . mot 😄
icarus `` real gamers play MGSV therefore GamerGate has no gamers '' `` Gamer is inclusive , do n't gatekeep ''
Inauguration of Chandigarh International Airport and Not even a single international flight .. All domestic flights
people think alike 8 ) LOL . I meet this guy from Africa and he asked if Hawaii had huts and if we traveled by canoes Ironic TooMuch
govt made a tar road 4 years after he died apparently ...
America will not tolerate bigotry ! Three cheers for a jailed county clerk ... she got what she deserved KimDavis or bigotry itself
Tim Tebow `` converting '' on 3rd and 16 last night haha 🙌🏼🙏🏼 Ironic
Bought a car from & amp ; needed new plates . Ironic 913-X ( Ex ) W ( Wife 's ) V ( Vehicle )
There is a very tall man reading Little Women on the subway right now
Why are 'knowledgeable ' and 'intelligent ' so difficult for me to remember how to spell ? ironic
Speaking of officials who should be following the law ...
Funny how people are OK with state mandated auto insurance , but federal healthcare is an abomination . WI ratherbehealthy
The biggest states that breakfast-lunch-dinner are chewed on anatomical , physiological and mechanical efforts and not simply gulped .
These two tweets came in order in my TL . Twitter
I do n't celebrate LaborDay because I 'm a democrat and we are lazy and do n't work . Right Republican Congress ?
Teaching my clients healthy coping mechanisms throughout the week . Using alcohol as my coping mechanism on the wknd .
pretty funny seeing dems/protesters in KKK out fits must have been a throw back thursday for them ironic
Also , the ironic part about Hungary , is that it is sucking off Russia , but hates Syria .
Trump 's Bodyguard Hit Hispanic Protester in the Face After Taking `` Make America Racist Again '' Banner GOP
oh babe you terrible pig like being
Do you reckon he knows that he himself is an immigrant ? bellend ironic
And all refugees r muslims ... they r labeled terrorist by those who invaded Muslim countries . Sowrong
SCOTUS did n't make any laws , Einstein . They ruled that a law banning marriage is unconstitutional
Husband KimDavis says his wife is jailed illegally , and is asking the sheriff to `` do his job or resign ''
Lalu named his daughter Misa after a draconian act `` Misa '' by Indira Congress ? !
between `` professional '' SEOs that 's just rookie . For a marketer , suicide . notapartytothis cleanitup next
EvidentlyItsFrownedUponto steal jokes from .Irony
So I pick up a random book in my house to kill a bee and then after its dead I flip it over and see this
going to the Foos on Sunday but have an injured leg . Is there any seating for someone in a cast ? ironic davegrohl foos
I love how most people who say they have a personal relationship with Jesus are always in other peoples business .
Except for immigration , Obamacare re-writing at a whim etc ... RuleOfLaw cc :
I have to escape work sometimes - yes even US get stressed ! doctors ironic
Can you say Ironic ?
and it 's should have , not should of , stayed in school .
Only one team voted against giving goodell dictator powers so sorta funny hearing everyone complain especially Kraft & amp ; Pats
yay , weekend ! chilling and hanging out , or at least with hipster barbie hashtag instagram socality barbie
Very funny - how many of these 'top tips ' did you do/see in action this week ? I counted a straight seven ! ironic
Electrico Thx for the Mr Robot plug ! Best characters on the TV ! -- streaming via DirecTV , now part of the ATT family .
I was almost side-swiped by a lady in a gray Hyundai with a `` Baby on Board '' sign in the back window .
Amazon just sent me a nazi war book instead of the autobiography of Malcom X ....
The Carrier Dome is hot as hell . letsgoorange
Web says the guy tweeting emotional rhetoric and name calling ironic
Girlfriend got me an inspirational sign the other day that says : `` What are you waiting for ? '' Have n't hung it up yet ...
Is this legit ? ironic
Keep hitting machines when I walk by them and am starting to think it 's an OH+S issue WellnessCentre
The same annoying neighbor who called the city on us for our grass being too high asked me to get high with him on grass .
CBBUK ploy to save did wot they wanted n saved the evil witch CBBFarrah but they lost their big Hollywood star ironic karma
I think the icing on the cake is that someone questioned my right to choose the appropriate washroom during Pride week .
hot rumour is Crows asked for wildcard entry to SA finals so all their players could keep match fit hubris
Laserdisc will never die ! -- Pioneer Looks To Laserdisc Tech For Low-Cost LIDAR
wow . It always amazes me when developers complain about paying developers .
`` We do n't hate nobody . We just want to have the same rights that they have . '' - KimDavis husband Joe , defending religious rights .
Really ? how ironic is it that u tweet the day after I mentioned it ? DatesDontLie ButYouAllDo TryAgain BullyLogic
Throwback to when I had the same cut a year ago from rhs pep rally , and now I have it from cats tailgate😂 ironic
is it ok that david cameron now acting with concern for refugees whilst bombing syria ? ironic
Always remember that you are unique–just like everyone else
The first thing you see when you walk into Waterloo Station is a giant sign saying `` Fear Begins Here . ''
I 've experienced and seen more racism here than I 've ever seen while living down south ironic
so is your website !
IronicPoor old lady who I just met at Emergency room who fell and hit her head.Found out her last name is Tripp ...
The only time that 's good to watch tv at camp is when it 's raining . When it 's raining we lose the signal 😂 ironic
it 's funny ! Everything they were accusing the Patriots of ! They did their selves !
carey1 Also known as Llanitos ( from the plains ) . Ironic NerdFactOfTheDay
evil genius says you who 's trolling me
Almost doored by car passengers on LaTrobe St yesterday . Handy if I 'd needed a blood transfusion melbourne cycling
Real salty for a guy who did in fact kill somebody . It 's not like you lied . Not suprised his fans sent death threats
Summer is ending . Ti.e for the sunflower to bloom . of the flower that is a symbol of the…
. TV goes out in the middle of the usopen . 1st commercial when it comes back on ? Help
parsnip weirdly .. I hate sleeping in clothes , I find it too restrictive
Ew . Ladies , this is precisely why it behooves us to require all male attention to be in cash format .
It 's nice that NicoleArbour disabled her vid comments . It would be a shame if people cyberbullied her like she does to others .
Everyone says `` no prologues '' yet the last 3 popular books I downloaded had prologues . WhyIHaveTrustIssues
You 're actually the reason America should n't get to vote .
so if i want to comment overtime past the cutoff there are special rules ironic
. All the flavor is in the leaves , which make good seasoning . So they cut off all the leaves in the supermarket .
I see Hungary did n't let any in in their match tonight
Abbott 's obviously given up & amp ; is trying out his latest stand-up routine . HILARIOUS : What Labor does is say 'no ' . '' hypocrite auspol
Where 's MikeTyson ? Who else do you see ? All these heavyweight champions saying `` Hit me ! '' 😂 blackjack
It 's like ISIS but substitute the evil and beheadings for topless grandmas and margaritas . ironic
A guy who is n't a lawyer commenting on what is or is n't legal . kimdavis
So the same that REFUSED svc to police later called the same police b/c of protesters .
Germany is now the garden of Eden for refugees migrating from conflict thingschange
Flood of booksFamine of education ; Irony
EU in the tragedy ... savesyria help refugees
Like my boyfriend says - clubs are places where strangers stand in the dark and pay for alcohol
seriously ? Comparing yourself to the man who stood up to racial discrimination ?
so my case breaks when I try to take it off my phone ?
I could have just picked Hanney 3 years ago and saved myself a lot of effort 😂 Ironic
Yet , that very country that was founded by people with similar backgrounds , IS NOT HELPING .
People will beg you for help with their business but wo n't beg to pay you .
Lectures on building trust from a BlueShirt lying little shit Enda Fennelly Sitesev DOB FineGael
Wrote this post , and it 's been nothing but rainbow and unicorns in the Kingdom ever since .
The future plans I had few years ago are the ones I 'm planning to escape now .. ironic
I fail hard . At least I 'm successful at something . failure success
PP putting the birth in birthday ironic DefundPlannedParenthood PPSellsBabyParts
`` I 'm so offended that you get so offended and post about it on Facebook . '' Let me tweet how I feel .
The highway on the way into Atlanta was the complete antithesis of the scene in TheWalkingDead premiere . Now I get it . traffic
Cebu is busy with APEC while Syrians are busy trying to save their lives . ironic SyriaCrisis SyrianRefugees
Starting my first week of college ever 1 week late has seriously screwed me over .. propstothearmy ironic
The sample track for Tyga 's song about Kylie Jenner is called 'children ' .. please say this was n't intentional
But talking snakes , slavery , and genocide are solid basis for morality !
is n't it Ironic that ISU Mascot is a Bengal & amp ; Employes a TrophyHunter Taxpayers $ $ $
Just waiting for to say `` Happy Labor Day '' ironic
When it 's no booze no boys and all you get are drunk snapchats from boys
Well is n't that ironic
PeterGreste sees the of doing a talk with this screen behind him . FODI FreeAJStaff journalism
I daydreamed about a full night of sleep pretty much all day .
How ironic tht i work at ups and the slogan is `` what can brown do for you '' 😂😂😂😂😂😂 racist
Upon searching for the keywords 'Google Logo ' and 'New Google Logo ' , Google throws up its old logo for more than 10 rows ! Fail
I love how the booth is set up right next to the end addiction booth . ironic spokane pigout
LMAO KimDavis GOP do not understand the Constitution
Absolutely ! Her husband disputed the ruling of the court and insisted he '' do his damn job ! `` .
My mother is the only person who seriously accuses me of being an alcoholic yet is the only person who can drive me to drink .
AudienceWithPope was amazing . So glad to see it was on TV . The commercials though really clashed w/ his message . ironic
Media showing this but not telling that he is PMLN Nazim .. yehi PTI ka hota tu anni mach jani thei ..
Why is a thing it seems stupid
LoL : DonaldTrump on jobs being shipped to China ? ironic
the ones trying to emulate Jesus and the members of `` the religion of peace '' are likely to assault me .
Winning US Presidential ticket- Bernie Sanders with The Pope as VP win FeelTheBern lol
Memories of the Infantry,1997 . All we needed was water and ammunition ; all we got was bibles . Ironic
How the hell did weasel its way into my Instagram feed ? notinstagood annoyed marketingproblems ironic
Cameron Get out of the EU ? Is not the UK the first that want to leave ? cataloniaindependence 27S2015 fordignity catalunya
I had a pen pal with your name as a kid . ironic hellothere
I heard this recently : ironic everyone Everyone wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die . Amen .
Those arguing against celebration of war victories here in Pak/India are the same who do n't miss Chinese/European victory parades.- : )
When my step dad tells me I can never bring home a black boyfriend 😂 . tolate 😊😊😊
Drake pitching against the blue jays in Toronto Ironic
lol coming from the guy who ca n't form a proper sentence or count 😂
Wait ... Do I hear a National Party candidate criticising Labour for following the polls ?
Hmmmm .... choose your room ladies & amp ; gents ... woopsy
It is challenging to make a mnemonic acronym using the word `` mnemonic . ''
so the bloke who tweets ' f & amp ; $ k off with this geelong crap ' finds something disrespectful ironic
This sounds good in textbooks only
In Portland , Californians are the new Okies . TheDeltaSmeltsOfWrath via
actually had a dream the other night about us redirecting a comet into Mars just to judge the impact .
Truth be told we drowning in a pile of lies , backward thinking , laziness , dishonesty , hate and mental slavery . Always leaving it to God ironic
So you lost it yourselves FC . After all the commotion , you had the chance anyway and you blew it .
IronyGuy walks up to athletic director , `` Win , lose our draw we need to write a letter about the refs . `` He was wearing a `` No Excuses '' shirt
`` I read this book called Silence . There was a character named Cole ... But he was not quiet . ''
I 'd tweet something about being called an attention whore but double vision is making it hard to type .
Austin- `` I 'm becoming too dependent on my queen '' [ ed . He was talking about chess but really life imitating art ] ironic bb17 Liztin bbad
I was listening to your audio book and you talked about embracing sobriety it played a tequila commercial .
order of this evening 's Twitter feed .... ironic
4nem Sellin Coke N Still Poppin Niggas 😅 Ironic
no , neither have you 2 muppets My comment as much a generalisation as the comment from Herman , numbnutz !
Case of perspectives ! batmantweet twitter
FIVBWWCup China is making mincemeat of Russia , Team USA 's tormentor . ironic
Sarah Palin 's secret service code name was Denali and now Obama is naming a mountain after her . 😂😂🗻
Karachi murders solve nahin hote , and they want to solve a murder case in England .
Aww a piano melody version of whereismymind , appropriate and takes right back to fightclub.Iseewhatyoudidthere MrRobot cute
The last mass BoiseState Twitter overreaction came after the Air Force game when it demanded a Hedrick benching in favor of Finley .
`` They have illegally put my wife in jail so we ’ re gon na ask ( Kentucky Governor Steve ] Beshear to do his job or step down , '' HAHAHAHA ! !
Most of the shows on ABC Family are not very family friendly .
Yet you made a comment about the FH just two hours ago ?
I love that someone who associates with Liberal Dems once accused me of joining the `` middle class '' WEP .
Accidently ate something I 'm totally allergic to the same day my son had a major allergic reaction . — feeling sick
I see u seek to justify urself through willful ignorance & amp ; strawman fallacies against my observation & amp ; questions .
`` : Imagine 'Scotland fans ' booing 'Flower of Scotland ' Go back to whatever century you belong Prehistoric '' & lt ; & lt ; & lt ;
WanderingSoul sometimes happens in Bangalore too
Got ta love how I 'm scheduled to work EVERY DAY of Labor Day Weekend .
We found ourselves singing Marvin Gaye in a deaf bar , the was insane . At least we are good looking enough to get noticed .
Ironic reality . ironic reality world people social socia…
People who think it 's ok to disobey a judge 's order but then say `` if he had just obeyed the police he would n't be shot '' KimDavis
omg . That heartless maniac Johnny Depp killed and ate Pistol & amp ; Boo . Thank god for strong government.auspolirony
LostMyHead when Hank could n't blast the necessary chromosome inside me . AnnBoleyn
Watching a sexual harassment training video for work while my boss hits on a 16 year old girl .
Her husband said that the Governor should 'do his job ' & amp ; release her or step down if he 's unwilling ?
If I 'm not drunk I 'm irritated by drunk people Ironic
Men seem to forget : women talk.Unknown women talk more.Unknown women will be more than happy to bury you 1st.Men .....
What are the chances of phone reception in a phone shop being very very low ?
Mom found this ... Lexi & amp ; I started a sisterhood of the traveling pants in 2008 ironic phimu
I was on my way home from another boring day studying biology and I thought to myself , what does that really have to with life Reba
I just noticed that when you Swipe the word `` death '' it 's in a figure 8 or ... an infinity sign ! ironic weird
And hey if the shoe fits wear it ! ironic
Give me your tired , your poor , Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free , The wretched refuse of your teeming shore . ironic
So I listened to Pro Patrick Lumumba yesterday , the things he said where so daming and true yet the audience seem to find it funny ironic
why 's your health system named after the system IBM used to assist Hitler in executing Jews in the Holocaust ?
Ripping tackle from Kel in that quarter . He 's still got it . champion farewell kellyslaststand
`` Yeah I really love their music '' says the young man as he pirates and bootlegs their material
No1 Daughter visiting ancient ruins in Italy where she had wifi . The apartment she is staying for next 8 wks in town does n't
Ahh , Labor Day weekend ... when a bunch of players lose their jobs . Good luck , guys ! Stay in shape . yaneverknow
Some people in carp fishing disgust me . Rather than thinking you 're the cure you 're actually the problem in this game . glasshouses
At doc 's office for my daughter . Asked at front desk the reason for my visit ... Honest answer : pain in the neck . ironic kidsarefun
there are no legal guns in those areas . Libs convinced all the law abiding folks to vote in anti gun laws .
When you speed to get to a drivers training class .
taking medical advice from playboy bunny with phd from google medical institute peoplearedumb antivaxxers
We played Until Dawn LITERALLY until dawn . westartedat1130pm itsnow647am
40 year old man rapes goat , the censor the Niqqa 's face but exposed the goat to public shame ironic
I thought ur against wars and killing ? ironic
KimDavis does n't know it yet , but she 's done a lot for gay marriage . Her `` light '' shines on the topic in a way nobody else could !
Did this on Wednesday
De Wever : `` Do n't blame Europe for a dead child '' and than he does n't want to be seen as an awefull person .
immediately after this dailogue Rahul Falls in love for the second time n then gets married to .. ! : P
Mad bro ? selfie saturday haters hatersgonnahate comedy humor funny comedian…
When you emigrate to save your life but you still want a ciggy
Fasting while feasting . Janmashtami
Wayne Haha `` One two work with ''
Taking advice from Watson about not reviewing EngvsAus
would love to but I have my list of chores to do . Plus were are cleaning before the cleaner comes . ironic
B & amp ; Q running a `` service matters '' staff talk on shop floor as customers wait to be served at an empty customer service desk ironic
Ho saying what im not having but done bought shit from Me ironic
$ SPLV `` low volatility ''
Hmmm lots of parallels
The debate that happens when you see a tweet you tweeted moments ago and you realize their is a grammatical error . whattodo ironic
`` ... these kind of killings are just outrageous and the public ’ s outraged I ’ m sure across the board . ''
tips for Greece Greek restaurant in Bristol greekfood homeisnotfar merkel germany
you do n't understand the word abuse do you Christian
I feel no sympathy for the syrianrefugees the syrian people bred that type of violent behavior and now they ca n't control it
1 coming from the guy who most tweets are about Celtic
Pic on his own profile is an immigrant 's name tattooed on his chest .
The KimDavis story is just the gift that keeps on giving ; husband wants KY governor to `` do his job ( set his wife free ) or resign ''
when I gave birth I did n't and have n't stopped looking after my children if I did they b in care eclcm
Interesting how Corso is talking about how Fowler kept things going when things got hairy on the show
Why is it that in arguments libertarians tend to rely on statistics and communists tend to rely on anecdotes ? politics
Tony Abbott was n't `` born into this country '' - he came by boat via the Assisted Passage Migration Scheme auspol Oh , the
Not a waste , no . just 4m over his worth . But if we wanted him now on that same form £18m+
Seeing a crap slogan t-shirt makes me think of , especially a sporting reference on a fat bloke
Some tweeps do n't even know who GMW is but still have 2-3K followers ..
maybe you should maybe a complaint to the sfa . Ironic
Maxwell given out LBW and Watson at the other end tells him he should n't appeal .
Sometimes I think of a funny tweet and then realize it 's only funny to me and then delete it . TheFuckAmIDoingOnTwitter killmeplease
Germany successfully managed unification ... now showing rest of us how to behave like a truly advanced nation ? ironic refugeecrisis
People like `` Noah '' claiming they are being manipulated by pictures of drowned toddlers . LOVE to know what paper he reads BBCAQ
My 12yo has an football . It 's slightly smaller than regulation . He likes it because it lets him throw better . deflategate
I told Mrs H about the mole tunnels . She laughed like a drain . apparently .
Trying to book tickets whilst sat on a Virgin train on wifi and it 's failing .
Same sex marriage supporters a year ago : `` we will keep fighting unjust laws '' Now : `` Christians should stop fighting , SSM is the law '' irony
Doing Health class hw and the `` Antidote '' comes on , has a line that goes `` Poppin pills is all we know ''
I crashed my car into the bridge . I do n't care , I love it . I do n't care . 󾠣󾠕󾠘󾠘󾠓󾠔󾠔 — celebrating an accident
I 'm the Doctor Phil of other people 's relationships ... But yet I ca n't even find one ironic
and yet she 's on the side that slashes education funding any chance they can get .
Oooooooooohhh the ironywhenyouseeit ironic Westside NYC snapback whywouldidothat
ooooohhhh hair banter from a ginger 😂
nz talk But given that you were probably like ten then I guess that makes me , in fact , the real hipster .
Expert Logistics driver not living up to the name ... Brockley London crunch
Funny-Hewitt was critical of Fox for asking gotcha questions in their debate .
CNN just showed a pro-gay-marriage protest with two signs : `` Keep your religion to yourself '' and `` My Jesus said & lt ; heart & gt ; ''
Krispy Kreme K-cups taste AMAZING with Dunkin Donuts coffee creamer .
And Guha shows how Bengal and France are similar . And I 'm a half bong who works for the French . epic
. uk & lt ; So you are saying ALL Hungarians are bigots ? That sounds a little , erm , bigotted !
the issue is you speak the language of isis , they dont . ironic
Just when I was looking for an excuse to replace the washer , it catches fire ... think that 'll do it ! ironic newoneplease
practice what you preach and let me enjoy my moment .
Life has a funny way of sneaking up on you Life has a funny , funny way of helping you out ... Ironic
One of TV 's most progressive programs , Maude , owned a catch phrase so relevant re : WarOnEverythingGood : `` God will get you for that ''
Pirate So you are pro-Independence for Scotland yet live in London . Ironic
= J Oliver now punting NO sugar + obesity issuesWhere not too long ago it was all about pasta , sponge cakes & amp ; pavlova whateversells
Life is way too ironic ! life
A lion named Thor was killed by a lightning strike .
Hannah got bullied into buying a bracelet to support an anti-bullying charity
Am I the only one who thinks Kim Davis looks like in drag ?
! But I think we basically saved Lahore in 1965 : /
Can you believe my old computer works PERFECTLY now that I 've got the new one ? ! so I 'm broke but got 2 computers ! richgirlproblem
GOAL : 1-1 ( MFLP ) irony at Grange Park . Cole levels v Coleshill from 30 yds - goal of the day perhaps ?
newton11 Think it might be Panthers ? ironic
Policy is.that still some politically motivated ppl like Satbirsingh blaming modi not Indira-sonia-congress who stroll orop
Marshall smoking a cigarette chastising a little kid for sitting on the scrutineering wall in the paddock saying it is not safe ironic
I bet Roger Goodell is feeling pretty deflated right now . shoot
Kim Davis ' husband said Kenucky Governor Steve Beshear `` should do his job or step down . '' thecomedywritesitself
kesihatan Posting about Kemerdekaan yet you currently discussing with US for placing US spy plane here in Malaysia ?
A customer needed me to inflate a football today at kmart the packaging happened to have tom Brady on the cover
You really ca n't fix the Davis 's brand of stupid .
Slashing down education budget and celebrating TeachersDay ? IronyOfIndiaironic education
Three ironic homeware items about contemporary vices and taboo , to give your home funny ! crowdfunding
England is the first country which has qualified for the Euro2016 but will probably be the first team to get kicked out
food for thought : redirects you to the Kraft site… .
The Jackrabbits ? It 's kinda hard to take a team called The Jackrabbits seriously . Said the Jayhawk ...
This goes ironic when having sex is pride for men and a shame for women .. sexDiscrimination shame
Why do black activists hate the one candidate that is most likely to set blacks free from life of poverty ?
Is it ironic that I need a pair of scissors to open my new pair of scissors ?
Finished MadMen s2 and loved it-got me thinking , why did I originally not like this show ? Realized the shows marketing turned me off
Wow ! ! ! Makes me sick ! KimDavis
It 's amusing that I can squat 500+ , but walking up the stairs I break my foot . causeimbroken
This message has been on my TV for 72 hours now
Those claiming OROPDelivered will now tell him that he should have better fought for Pakistan . of OROP
Needed to upgrade my wardrobe this week , but ran out of time to shop in London . Shopped in Paris at and
People who Demolish the Mosque and become the national party today Changed the name of Aurangzeb road coz he Demolish the temple
Also , overcorrecting is an ironic action . In case anyone suffered at the hands of Alanis ' skewed definition of ironic
Watching Grey 's Anatomy at the hospital while my patient is in surgery . hahaha Ironic
Interestingly , there are many more interesting & amp ; relevant business articles on facebook & amp ; twitter , than on linkedin SocialMedia
`` as if a few gorgeous , old-fashioned letters [ keep ] us in the Dark Ages '' in full article re : serif implications
In 2004 , GOP made gay marriage a wedge issue for Democrats . In 2016 , the shoe is on the other foot . LGBT
Video Resurfaces Of JaredFogle Mocking People On To Catch A Predator via ironic Dateline
Scene from a water park cafe .
Did n't pick Stanford to be in the CFB Playoff ? Cardinal about to lose to 's Northwestern Wildcats .
Must be nice .
You had one job ,
Well that 's two for Harvey-Clemons . Pass was intended for .... Ricardo Louis ...
David Wright on Kids Clubhouse teaching kids to hit to all fields when he himself does n't really do it anymore ... ironic
NowWatching : LonelinessofaLongDistanceRunner after my morning run . TCMParty
MicrosoftClutter just cluttered my inbox by sending me an email telling me that they uncluttered my inbox .
Jared Fogle is amazed that People Caught on ‘ To Catch a Predator ’ CastTheFirstStone JustSayNo
Adam would be jealous ! He 's a huge soccer fan . imtweetingthisfromtheparkinglotofanamericanfootballgame
You know calling people `` dirtbags '' is kind of crass .
FT : Long 4-3 ( MFLP ) Coleshill Town with Long Eaton 's Cole and Coleshill 's Coleman scoring .
. 0 evidence but they still think or call it miracle
Rooney not in Charlton 's class ... Say a load of people that could never have watched Charlton play ... ironic england
`` We 're like 27th in the world in education , that 's disappointing . I ca n't even name 27 countries . '' education
Hungary may deploy army on borders after Sept. 15 to keep out migrants Western civilization refugeecrisis
and yet that is where launch event was held !
1-MAN ECONOMIC ENGINE BENEFITS STATIST MEDIA - Ironic TRUMPEFFECT LETSROLL ! . tcot pjnet tgdn
- The misogynists of Pakistan are chanting 'Pak Army Zindabad ; Allah o Akbar ! ' while listening to the patriotic songs of Noor Jahan .
When people are too lazy to take the escalator .
Aussies would n't know what 'the spirit of the game ' is . The amount of grounded catches your mob have claimed .
LGBT people + US Supreme Court conspire to introduce sharia law.Obvious , innit ? ironywingnuts
Wearing my glastonbudget hoody with the fourfighters on to the foofighters ironic keepingitreal
The funny thing is I have a dear friend , who LOVES her gay son and his gay friends . She just got married . Her name is now Kim Davis
Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder - Ebony And Ivory ( Live at the White ... géopolitique felony via
`` Forever Young '' the walkup song for the grey-bearded David Ross .
Just go to the FAU game . No one cares about Navy .
The big day ? Are you getting married ? tothecarofcourse WRX
Some ironic for a funny home ! Only on ashtray smoking cigarettes crowdfunding
. it 's the totally unqualified people who assume they know everything and never question themselves . Ha !
turnip england - killer insight from the manager who inherited the '90 squad ....
Here here , most non-believers I know including myself are better christians than most who DO believe
Just saw lady shopping in IKEA w/ shopping bag of choice that said `` Shop Small . '' ironic
canceled everything with you due to incompetence 2 months ago , get a past due notice today . ironic badhands
They need all the help they can get .....
When trying to order Internet from and their website goes down ... Does n't give me too much confidence bt
KimDavis and timtebow gone in the same week . Who says that God does n't have a sense of humor ? ironic lol ccot
Sounds EXACTLY like the justification against Black civil rights 😉 seewhatidid
you have no love for the other contributors .
Wait so the album is n't getting great reviews ? ? Why am I loving it then ? ? CRITICS ARE DUMB
homeopath has a problem with too much water . At least gofundme is n't being used for a boob job for once ... ironic
because TSA stole it .
Thanks . Sorry for leaving early . Actually had a call from a supervisee akronmft
Irony : an Instagram account that 's private , and still inserts hashtags . newdefinitions marionwebster nyc
McCrae took out Amanda .
Need to stop procrastinating ... next stop , bed ... damn
The Real Cuba . `` grocery store '' x `` CubanTourists '' not x foreigners .
This coming from a guy with the name `` Romo Best QB ''
The most interesting thing I 've learned from watching Tennessee/Bowling Green game is that BGSU 's colors do n't include green . SEC
How , um , dickish
HFS .. : O So Regina HAS a thing for blonde sorceresses ... and it 's cannon ! Did n't see that coming ... swanqueen
At an overcrowded party feeling anxious , jam in my ear buds to escape . Shuffled track 1 ? Eagle - ziggy starfish Ironic
Quiet Saturday night , feeling tired so decided on an early bed…ca n't sleep ! Ironic Insomnia
Hey look . stadium addition looks just like addition from 5 years ago . copycat ironic stillchasingUM
The Police - Every Breath You TakeLmao Sorry , ca n't help but giggle ! Oh ca n't you see YOU belong to me GOD
I find it a bit odd that does n't mention bitcoin once in any issue .
Penn State fans calling Temple fans unclassy probably forgot they rioted to stand up for a man who did n't turn in a child molester
Karla comes home from college : `` Ma , can I scramble you an egg ? '' freshman
Most of the songs played at a college football game were written a decade or two before most of the students were born .
My foot falls asleep and this what is playing on Pandora .
That was the worst dream I could ever think of .
Asks the Xtian . Ironic
The of a nonsmoking taxi & amp ; leaving you smelling like an astray 😷 onlyindublin
Found it ironic last night that I watched Total Recall , but I do n't recall a darned thing about the movie . movie
Alabama looks good when they run that no huddle Ironic
my superfast broadband is so slow I ca n't even log onto myvirgin media to tell you about it . ironic
The tight end for Virginia has the last name Butts . Ironic collegefootball
I want some right now but I 'm too lazy to get it .
Does anyone else find it odd that has an actor starring in their commercials named Wes Bentley ? Bentley lexus roc 585
Five-year-old actually asked for help today . She was having trouble taping her `` No Mommies '' sign to her door . parenthood
Played in the dome twice in the past 8 months one time I did n't come off the field the second time I did n't touch the field
Some people are just injury prone , this one just happens to look like Thor every play he 's on the field ironic
Come back to after 15+ yrs n Delay due to lightning/rain . Shoulda worn the umbrella shirt Toxic
Alanis Morissette - Ironic ... Is n't it ironic ? ! ^^ OhTheIrony Humour BlackHumour Satire MadeMyDay
Am I wrong , or did someone miss the of Mr Orwell ?
Purple Rain on the loudspeaker during a weather delay badchoiceDJ
Liked the wescraven memories in screamfinale ... These finales are gon na drain the blood from my face ...
I 've been told GeorgeCarlin wrote this . I find that an atheist man said we `` pray too seldom '' …
Eagles might be interested in QB Christian Ponder . So if he signs , then TebowTime gets cut for a Christian .
Made me laugh ... the is sweet . TheyDonttKnowTheyDontKnow
Yep , Trey Holtz .
Those who created Syria refugee crisis are the one who are not allowing them to cross into Europe ysf
I 'm sorry this is funny .. After recently being diagnosed with asthma after 43 years . funny
: H & amp ; M , empire of fast fashion , communicating on sustainability and CSR
HarryPotter I hope whoever got the footage realized what they 'd missed .
prowrestlinghastaughtme that Enzo Amore is a certified G and Big Cass is 7 ' tall and you ca n't teach that .
Finally a good bus movie . OldSchool never gets old You ’ reMyBoyBlue game139
I just hit my head on the first aid kit . ironic
A neglected punctuation mark ( or maybe we 're just too nice ~ . )
hahaha we were saying the same thing the last few years ironic ThankyouNebraska
yet 2 O 's in Oregon .
I guess you think this song is about you class
Mack Brown just talked about how unfortunate it was for Nebraska that 1 second was left Huskers
52 I tell you , 52times she 's mentioned me ... 😂😂😂 Oh the
That moment when someone gives you a free thing ... from the anime Free ! 😂
Especially when it comes to you being a `` mom '' . ironyshehasthedumb
is now supporting gay marriage by calling Kim Davis a hypocrite .
Pryor practices literally 100 yards from Jim Tressels boyhood home . 1 football career ended another continues
Watching the movie `` 2012 '' imagine after the world raping the motherland , Africa was the savior of the same rapists ironic
There is always that one person who tweets waaaaaaay to much and fills your feed .
TOGA 15 ' was a success ! ! until 1am ... then it fell pretty fast ... @ Premiere Palace Ballroom
So humid my cotton candy melts . Yet I 'm thirsty-worth it to see the Indians snag a Victory . science indyindians
Just saw a COP truck playing Party Done ... 😐
When fam din turns into a debate about the disappearance of the English language . ironic probablytrue
Wait ... Police officers now feel besieged ? ! IronyBlackLivesMatter
My dad thinks I have awful taste in films .
Anyone else see the here ? Berating someone for making a 'bad taste joke ' by using a 'bad taste cuss ' .
And in related news ... The Redskins fire the Dr. that said RGlll was still concussed ? ? ironic
Well ... the Fortune Cookie on my Birthday states this :
What does this post say about me ? lapfie hotdogs @ Santa Cruz Mountain Brewing
KimDavis ' ( 4th ) husband is telling KY Gov to `` do his job or resign '' BWAHAHA ! smh
The same competition that broke up Amanda and Mccrae will break up Austin and Liz BB17
Ha ! `` ... the quiet life '' spinster
Passively ranting about my confusion and frustrations through social media . I hate when people do this !
Hamilton only happy when wins - great English sportsman natural will to win . Murray only happy when wins - miserable Scottish bastard
High time .. we have the best launch space vehicles and worst road safety records in the world
In a house full of lighters there no candles
if you want free speech for all , why did you disable comments on your video ?
COOL - asking my Galaxy to get Siri aka to follow me actually worked
Or why not just forget about it and sit here and roll our thumbs for a while instead ? floorballcowboy whychangekidssportsnow ?
New Single - ProVerb ft Taken from the album TheReadTape OUT NOW ! !
. is n't it ironic having a sprint sponsor after such a slow delivery service ? Yodel
KimDavis is the most popular democrat among conservative Christians who hate democrats .
Because IronyShellNO
Yeah how dare they have pride in their heritage in the Heritage parking lot !
I am reading about lung CA while a next door neighbor is smoking 😈😤👎ironic
A LAWYER HOPES U GET INTO TROUBLE , A DOCTOR HOPES U FALL ILL , AN UNDERTAKER HOPES U FALL DEAD , ONLY A THIEF WISHES YOU WELL .....
It 's like 10 000 spoons when all you need is a knife Ironic
says a Corbyn voting adult with a Guy Fawkes mask on .
Of course it 's beautiful weather today : school tomorrow ! The sun also took a 7 week break and now it 's back too ! 😂 goodenglishlesson
But have no problem letting teachers evaluate their kids with the same arbitrary type grades weird bothdumb
Despite all the sacrifices for their Beloved country Pakistan Ahmadis are still traitors ! ! !
but then I might not tweet so much
Its WorldBeardDay beardday today & amp ; just some time back got a clean shave done : D but anyways ll wait for Noshave Movember
union blocks you from viewing their tweets & amp ; interacting with them LabourDay when they want us to celebrate the good unions do for us
Countries that celebrate their history of war .
Vandalized streets , Burned homes , Painted walls with blood , '' For what '' asks God , Man smiles , `` For you '' .copied hatred stopviolence
And Bengaluru voted again for a party that ensured these losses
12 ended our season last year , and the ref deciding to blow Farah offside in extra time ended it this season
Human are dying coz of POLITICS and Animals are dying coz of PLASTICS .
This is for you team . rememberthesocks @ University of Central…
`` It 's really mean what u said you cunt , bitch , whore , die , kill yourself . ''
Was just waiting for a few people to find my tweet and start slabbering ahahah socialexperiment
I complement Reggie Bonnafon and then he more then likely loses his starting job . Jackson was phenomenal after that first pick .
Most opposition supporters I know are hypocrites . They preached Freedom of Speech but then blocks someone who go against them .
davisout playing football gets him the sack ironic
can we ask for the decision to be reviewed ? ironic
I 'm trying to find keller but I can seem to find her
NHS : Increased mortality associated w weekend hospital admission Read editorial etc too . Published at weekend
I will be spending LaborDayWeekend laboring.Irony
Wait , isnt your tweet unsolicited advice too ?
😂😂 woke up to this lol shouldveGoneTo ..
If you act according to a moral standard , the people who most loudly oppose moral standards go berserk and call you wicked . KimDavis
Promoting Macs ( exclusively ) in education ( not BYOD ) and talking about need to tinker freely are overlooking a huge paradox edtech
Hey . Remember when , `` nobody listened to techno ? '' EDM
Whatever happened to Romanticism ? PS : I like my men tall , muscular , rich , with excellent hunting skills .
of Life , The police Hopes you Become a Criminal
The same folks who condemn anyone for not verbally supporting LGBT people have NO problems calling KimDavis fat and ugly . LoveWins
... That I ca n't afford to have if I want to achieve each . of procrastination and existence in general I guess ? ? ?
Gutted to be missing today . Injured my leg , ca n't walk and on crutches which they wo n't allow in : (
Robert Kitosaki , bestseller Rich Dad , Poor Dad author has filed for bankruptcy on one of his companies
Meanwhile , in London this week , an Armsfair Syria there too . Cameron quiet on that tho
May the be with you . acchedin banmeat jainfast miraroad feku
Arizona born QB throwing to an Arizona born WR to put a dagger into Arizona State .
is ... luxury brands going mainstream , and mainstream brands trying to be luxurious justsaying
BYU wins on a Hail Mary . collegefootball
I want her long blonde hair , I want her magic touchYeah , ‘ cause maybe then you ’ d want me just as much ironic
ModiInFaridabad to flag off the metro started by same which did nothing for 60yrs ! ! Irony
Agony is being at a funeral and wondering y pipo looking at u strangly only to find out yo shirt is printed LIFE IS GOOD : )
With OROP review every year , it appears pension will be more than what they got when in service .
Am I the only one that does n't want people I know to follow me on twitter ? I like being honest & amp ; real while being private . ironic private
Rising sea threaten launch site NASA says Too low to shoot high Ironic Perhaps they can launch from a FEMA tent
DahiHandi at thane .. The stage is full of hoardings and Krishna is missing ! !
so this just happened on my feed . EMAW
Anti-Kidnapping expert Felix Batista , has been kidnapped in Mexico . FBI ransom liamneeson news weird
The Blues make me happy latergram blackandwhite darkeyes landlockedbeachgirl…
It took me and my friends 30 minutes to find a pizzeria today ...
Besides my life , what 's the main topic of the book ? Willpower ! Ironic
This is virtual reality - the only reality that is not real .
nothing like an auburn whining about this .
Looking forward to another long and stressful day at work .. stress workday sunday job nothingbettertowrite
Being ironic by watching the Joel Osteen sermon about making excuses for the 100th time while I procrastinate working on law review .
Screaming child on quietzone southwesttrains will have to put on some loud music to drown it out
A rare Sunday for Cougar Nation with all the church chat surrounding a `` Hail Mary '' BYUSN ironic
SarahPalin answering question from if is important for DonaldTrump to know names of MidEast leadersuniteBlue
Guy walking down the street wearing a wife beater vest . With his wifeWho has a black eyeIrony
101 hope there 's no entry cost
`` The most knowledgeable wannaknow more while the most ignorant are happy to remain so . '' - Motivation
DT 430 : Fox29 ( Philly ) . TV station 's badpunctuation goes viral . apostrophefail
Do n't say Logic in your argument . Instead learn what it is and use it ti explain your argument logically : ) Logic
So , being unfiltered is fine until it 's directed at you ? Now that 's
What I said not what I really meant .
Half of my life I woke up in the middle of the night to watch NBA games . Now I am in California waking up at 5am to watch EuroBasket
Here 's what a `` dark vein of intolerance '' looks like : blame the Jooooos .
`` Stop harassing me for just being me ! '' ironyGoes both ways . Difference is , fat people did n't invite this on themselves .
So for our second tweet/return , We have decided to point out all them beeeches with the indirect tweets , Ironic
Did you mean : Happy Birthday baloon exclude : nativeretweets ? yeh i did
happy birthday l0s3r 💘💘 theninjasarecoming 14 morelike144 ihadadreamaboutyoulastnight pieceofshit cya
I 've argued with CATHOLIC people as to why they should help the refugees & amp ; now the Pope agrees with me ? 😂
The enjoyment of watching 's livestream where the confederate racists were defeated @ Union Station in DC The of Lulz
Tomorrow is LaborDay . Will be last day for a while I wo n't have to work sometime somewhere . ironic twojoblife
Book of the week Rising Strong by brenebrown The is that we attempt to disown our difficult…
NASCAR commercials during F1 coverage choke gasp ack
are n't all Americans immigrants ?
`` Ha laurel is no threat to Olicity , Lauriver will never happen '' then why you keep bringing it up ?
Those who think they are smart ; they must study the cob-web theory !
How ironic people saying 'immigrants , go bak where u came from , leave my country ' need to go BACK to School for a lesson in history & amp ; english
New story out now onblog ! Called Sorry ... Full or but it 's funny & amp ; entertainment ! Enjoy now ! share it
It seems we have a small forest fire near the hotel forests2015
Ironic customer who want to toilet at RoyalPlaza Surabaya must PAY☹ Indonesia Jakarta Semarang Plaza Pakuwon
4m da moment u get sm1 u care abt , u worry abt wat da world might do to dem ... bt u never stop to think abt wat you might do to dem ! ! ironic
Increased Mortality Associated With Weekend Hospital Admission - Publ @ WE MT
And if they bother to arrest these rapists they should stone them to death as the great prophet has commanded .
irony : if your dentist has false teeth.irony dentist haveyoubeenflossing
Minister for the environment presents the ItalianGP trophy . f1
Was just thinking about how much fun the Ohio Celtic Festival was & amp ; this came on my MP3 player PerfectTiming
We all laugh but there are many , even on Twitter that insist everyone SPELL American .
Tail says the guy who doesnt go outside and is too busy tryin to hit trickshots to join a clan .
has a woman President but guys have to escort females home after dark ? somethingwrong Equality feminism archaic
So last time Wales qualified back in 58 ' we played Israel to reach the tournament 😀😀😀 ironic cymruambyth TogetherStronger
What ? Stephen kissed Katie on the cheek ? They must be dating 😱
Jehovah 's witnesses do n't celebrate Halloween , they must not appreciate random people coming up to their door .
What did said about GER welcoming syrian refugees . Got lostintranslation ? wait , is n't he a 🇩🇪 immigrant grandson ? ironic
I 'm at Staples and the employee ca n't find staples !
View of the Ebro from Briñas , Rioja . Do n't know why great wine regions are always so ugly & amp ; rainy .
I wonder how he 's going to do that
`` Using a hastag wont make it go away ''
At one-end , Snapdeal CEO raises question about App only model of Myntra.On the other , Snapdeal 's Shopo is a mobile only marketplace ! irony
calls Corbyn supporters like ISIS , this is coming from a man who actually made MONEY out of war and selling weapons ironic
When the TV channel tells you to be yourself but the programme is about making yourself over .
Remote Clinical Decesion Making ? Now there is a concept.😆
True ! In Pak ASWJ wud have welcomed Sunnis and MWM Shias !
GodHatesAdultery : Westboro Baptist church turns on Kim Davis for causing ‘ Fg marriage ’
funny , you 've been insulting this whole time , I call you lady and I 'm insulting you . Ironic
. LOVE to ! However , Le Viasat Modem is blocking all email ports & amp ; eating data - thus the scheduled modem replacement
Ad for Fiji bottled water just played during NakedAndAfraid ep centered around lack of drinkable water on Fiji .
i like how the majority of sworn complaints and fines posted by the Texas Ethics Commission actually concern MQS foes txlege
and yet it 's religion that causes so much hate and war . Ironic folks take this god thing a bit far ! relax
It turns out there are a lot of pest problems in parliament
I was amazed ! irony
LookedInYourWindow And you were watching a classic Hitchcock movie .
Could n't . thesugarconspiracy sbsone ironic
A sign of the times : offering `` The fastest Internet at sea . `` vacation offthegrid Or Not
By virtue of his personal wealth and use of which to campaign , Trump is a plutocrat .
Poor Bangladesh has been sheltering 200k rohingya for decades and nobody ever gave a shit on it . refugeecrisis .... ( 2/2 )
Of all the times to break tyre rules Mercedes do it after Spa which featured tyre failures !
My sister is trapped at the zoo because there is a cheetah on the loose
Brunch fabulousness . ironic badercookeleganza
I 'm starting to get things set for christmas . My Ironic 'happy Chris Moose ' card is now in my Shop puny
Love is why many people go to war and peace is what they 're always fighting for .
I just love when conservatives cite Lincoln as a way to support their fight against civil rights . ? feelthebern bernie2016
I 'm sitting watching the biggest loser eating so much shit it 's amazing
Ironic , Palin critical of ppl taking Selfies ? Comedian ? Bristols WHOLE Life is selfie taking
ironic why ca n't you call back ? have you deals for returning ? sorryiloveyou
My dad knew exactly what he was talking about 😂
It 's funny bc I was tweeting about the wifi and it wo n't send my tweet
I see Tal Ben Haim is still a class act
Nothing is right , nothing is acceptable , nothing is certain , nothing ... ironic style hair vans…
🎶 when you get a spray tan , but forget to shave your legs ... 🎶 ironic thesongnottheactualdefinition
Interesting perspective . cometothinkofit ironic life people makesalotofsense
Our unionist gov has shown it has not one clue about unity with anybody ironic
They often mistake my smile for politeness Ironic
You screwed up ... own itCunt bitch whore die kill yourself We all are helping you make better choices
I throw hay , lift grain bags , hurl heavy saddles on my 17hh horse yet I pull a back muscle just getting out of bed failure FarmLife
In 12 hours time I go back to work after 20 days off . How cool is that cantwait
You hate rocky roads . You enjoy roller coasters . The experience is the same . Yes wine brings…
CBBAustin is dressed up as a huge wiener . CBB CBBUK
Asked Fam to pick the next single from my album TheReadTape and you 've spoken . ft Stand-by for it .
GOP candidates coming to the aid of a 3 time divorcee and adulterer in the name of traditional marriage . awesome GOPmorons ironic
76 beast Exposed exposing an account that claims to `` expose '' a conference . ironic
Sisterhood night with my sisters ironic
RSS was behind pressurising OROP . RSS ' motives are out in the open ! Lulz IndiaAgainstRSS OROPDelivered RespectForModi
Who knew that someone capable of completing 75k word manuscripts would struggle with an eeny weeny synopsis for ! ironic
By Muslims ... they did n't add that they wanted to avoid MUSLIM terrorism is those MUSLIM countries ..
The of telling someone you `` FEELING '' em .... but do n't even keep in TOUCH
PalinOnCNN , Someone MUST explain 2 Palin definition of Words & amp ; Hypocrisy . ^
Would n't that be awesome ? justice could come at the `` paws '' of a local .
My favorite episode of is on and I 'm hungover . is so awesome , by the way .
IK fighting for US with these Crooks and Plastic fighting with IK 's wife and humiliating his family .
Sacramento Natural Food Co-op has DrPANdemic promoting natural health ? quack quack goes . ▶ SB277
. Hunter LOL ! A SJW is complaining that someone is reacting according to 'their feelings ' ..
Yes . After I clicked through modal cover , 12 interstitials , and a floating pop-up .
Most I 've ever seen Colin Blake 's name on my TL , and it comes after he has left the team . Ironic Clark
One of them just said something about somebody having a shitbag personality . I believe they also called tattooed women trashy .
Ppl in rich countries want right to die . Ppl in poor countries & amp ; refugees desperate to live assistedsuicide euthanasia
Jared Fogle Video Resurfaces -- Child Predators Never Learn
hmmm I note 1 can shows the CND symbol and the word `` Peace '' ... just shows is wasted on the young : )
haha ! The self-proclaimed `` 1st Amendment '' lawyer has asked twitter to block a feed . Christnuts
I saw someone throw a cigarette butt out of a Prius . Ironic
is addicting
Just had a military officer come into the store to complain about the Dodgers ' military appreciation day hats .
Sure he can afford it ?
I hate NY yet I live there and today I 'm rocking a Mets jersey , Supreme hat , and uptowns ,
P'hsps opposite ; Ireckon settled legal translators have just lost an earn with1000s having arrived
Bahh haha , how funny you the one who got their youtube channel deleted tho ironic uwrongaf
the proof is up and down your TL . LMFAO Ironic
Statue of Death at the entrance of Chik-Fil-A ironic scarowinds
Absence to value presence .
Worth reading , & amp ; BadUnions - Fred Grimm : Firing an Arby ’ s worker a lot easier than jettisoning a cop
Whoever invented shirts and the need to iron them needs to be tortured .. with an iron . ironic Any tips on sleeves anyone ?
The biggest internal security threat that 's RSS reviewed internal security & amp ; ModiSarkar prostrated in front of them & amp ; died
BREAKING : Prominent pro-life campaigner condemns use of graphic images to raise awareness !
One more thing to know : a site using hashtag GoGreenGoWhite should never label another as a `` homer ''
SO true 😂
it 's pretty ironic that the human race has spent forever developing a world based on certainty when the only thing certain is change .
As I said , giving a lesson in humanity.irony refugeesnotmigrants refugeeswelcome hopenothate
Ladies and Gentlemen , Kim Davis has made the Westboro Bapist Church the voice of reason . I am not sure how to think about this .
I ca n't call myself a vegan ... and I 'm in love with a vegan beverage ! ironic deliciousness
Niall and Justin both end up with boots on their right foot some time during their career ! 👌 ironic
This article is behind a pay wall : -/
When you are stressing out about your stress management class 😅😅
Here 's ironic LewisHamilton being presented ItalianGP trophy by Italian minister of the Environment .. AlanisMorrisette
Okay , some new movie streaming service is spamming my Twitter feed with ads about how they 're all so ! 00 % all-free . PotMeetKettle
Yes , the of `` miss spell '' being misspelled is not lost on me . But FamilyGuy is hysterical . SundayFunday
I think it 's ironic that the same demographic that supports large , macro beer also supports small government . smallminds
Lma ehh Lmao what ! ! `` : OR not… . … .
but slimfast , really ? ! ironic diet Murica
Watch Predestination ... like right now ! ! ! mindfuckcity film greatmovie timetravel greatperformances paradox destiny
When your Environment and Society class uses the most paper . ironic
Poverty shines in photography . Sells like hot cakes .
I 'M CRYING ! ! ! `` : OR not… . … .
Lmao what ! ! `` : OR not… . … .
Netanyahu Rejects Calls for Israel to Accept SyrianRefugees History seems to require a different response ?
It is 😂 “ : OR not… . … .
atlanta But I suspect all these Davis supporters are opposed to sharia law .
Congrats Carl Edwards ! ! ! Southern500 NASCARthrowback NoThrowbackScheme ironic
“ : Muslim Countries Refuse to Take A Single Syrian Refugee , Cite Risk of Exposure to Terrorism
It 's ironic that some want being topless in public legal , and other women are all wrapped in a Burka . Draw boobs on a Burka ?
Westboro Baptist church slams clerk who does n't want to issue gay marriage licenses . toofunny
`` We have the internet . ” “ Ohh . I knew that thing was good for something . `` [ Netflix freezes and displays an error ] Sense8
Pretty happy Chimp bought turnips turnup ironic
Talking is hard.Not good with emotions I run away from them it frightens me.Its weird because I love to love.ironicwalkingcontradiction
😂😂😂😂 '' : Lmao RT Lmao what ! ! `` : OR not… . … .
Mumbai on its way to Bengal ? ADeadCity achhedin paradox
They riot like the refugees .
has to judge casserole a week after making it CutthroatKitchen
Shop front 's been this way for more than a week . emergency glass
NotSerious KindaSerious IronicHealth Experts Recommend Standing Up At Desk , Leaving Office , Never Coming Back
A fat gamerdad 's response to nicolearbour encourage lovepeople Comedian truth viral
The whitest girls are behind me in line at target
Ashely I. is wearing `` I am Kim '' shirt ironic BachelorInParadise
Funny thing is .... he loves Asian girls .
A state of most of the richest of India .
& gt ; : Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected calls for Israel to accept refugees from Syria .
using Twitter to subtweet about the person sub posting
You genuinely do not have an ounce of self-awareness , do you ? irony
When it looks like a mushroom cloud
Lol just told KimDavis Jesus is not white but middle eastern . She ca n't believe he 's a terrorist . bigot racist sendsmokes
thanks for the suggestion ... LOL Twitter hmm ironic lol folloback hahohe haahaa funtimes nowords
. that 's fantastic , reminding Canadians Harper once signed a coalition agreement with the Bloc cdnpoli elxn42
Today 's soundtrack to put me in a good mood ironic NP Pogo Disney AliceInWonderland
White girls out on the town 🍕🍻 squadgoals @ Old Chicago Boise Downtown
Lmao RT Lmao what ! ! `` : OR not… . … .
Your channels vids got removed I ai n't a rude person usually but KYS like DIE
LOVE this book . I made the mistake of bringing it home and my girls ripped it ironic tptchat
Partying with MaddieGrace
`` but you too stupid '' LiberalGrammar
I wonder if Honora got the service dog before or after NakedAndAfraid and NakedAndAfraidXL ? Ironic DestinedToFail
When you work on Labor Day ironic
Sometimes you battle life rather than living it
In an ironic twist I finally really want to go to the football on Saturday but I 've committed to helping set up a friend 's birthday .
10 commonly misused words . grammar writing
Lol funny netflix just added this . Ha . ironic seekingafriendfortheendoftheworld 😎😐 friends
An old man turned 98 , he won the lottery and died the next day . ironic
They bring you flowers when you dead but not 🍲 soup when you sick .. Ironic
Says the white boy trying to thug it in a selfie .
Hmmm . A printed guide to using your nook . ironic
Something rotten circling the drain : Dissecting the Duffy scandal | iPolitics CPeeC Cdnpoli
thats what they said about the irish . ironic
OR not… . … .
Hi members ! I think your disability page is broken
I hate people who waste ( although tbh I wasted seven making this )
Funny how the things that makes you wannadie is also the thing that keeps you alive . overthis
Eis ' aa ! RT `` : OR not… . … .
It 's Ironic that the people loudly crying `` Religious Freedom ! '' only like Equality when it works in their favor .
Israel is `` too small '' to absorb refugees - the is deafening .
Anxiety ... the only thing more awesome than getting a panic attack ... is panicking about getting a panic attack .
IBelieveBlackLivesMatter bcus racist bigots are bitching about Americans invoking their 1st Amendment RIGHTSIRONY
The best analogy I can come up with : Christine Michael is to fantasy teams right NOW .... as La'el Collins was to Dallas in free agency
The purpose of war is peace
Just saying ... religiousfreedom gunnuts gaymarriage
The only Asians in this arcade are playing Dance Dance Revolutio ... CrayCray Ironic
I found a Macklemore shirt while thrift shopping
When driving , please be considerate of my zombie neighbors . ironic zombies thewalkingdead…
- weapons to Houthi were n't delivered by angels !
Compare that to India , where we are struggling with the dwindling tiger count .
if true , just ironic however , it 's dog bites man that lawyers would sue a successful company
Bengaluru Techie , Arrested for Hoax Calls , Says He Killed Wife : Police - NDTV techie ironic
`` : Cecil Rhodes `` donated '' the land , UCT ( University of Cape Town ) in South Africa is built on , a land which he stole . ''
Did you know ? The patent for the fire hydrant was lost in a fire in 1836 ? PatentHistory
hahaha ! Ironic is n't it ? ! It 's up to you my friend if what will you face the dark or the bright side .

History has weird sense of humor ; ) scrum master psm
Omg I want one ! ! ! ! Really want to read it now !
When icecream looks so much sweeter than you ... Nokia Lumia CarlZeiss
Nice headline . 😁 America : The mightiest military force in the World . Ca n't survive a pillow fight .
On LaborDay the trash collectors in my town are working while the conservative politicians who call workers lazy are not
Bed cutting NHS trust told 'no mentalhealth beds available ' firefighting WeNeedBetterFunding
Lord Rama had two son- namely LOVE & amp ; KUSH ( keeps us so happy ) ; ) : P highsociety highlife
We make their life and future miserable , and yet insist that the kids respect we elders ! War Terror Misery Religion
angela apart from the fact the Greens think the ALP is too right wing to deal with ... & amp ; vice versa .
WBC is AGAINST KimDavis ? ! They 're equally as hypocritical as far as I 'm concerned . The is so good it hurts !
Anal.How ironic is it for a lot of straight guys to hate what they are ? 😏
Watched Friends of God movie w/ , not knowing he scored the movie & amp ; made a dramatic appearance
Pvt companies giving 50 to 100 mbps speed and BSNL is trending whn they declare a speed of 2mbps .
In 2010 this proud guy enjoyed painting the streets of Kashmir with the blood of Innocents .
Technology not working at the Consumer Disputes ADR conference ODR
Just washed the business cell phone in the washing machine . Launderlove 😑
Most banana species are naturally infertile ( reproduce asexually ) not because of GM .
And you got ta love theeconomically challenged LNP-taking debt to the NEXT LEVEL . hypocrisy
Pity India is sprayed with CoalFlyAsh GeoEngineering blocking sun .
Developers today are continuously finding ways to put future developers out of jobs
in a nutshell
. Hahahaha doing your laugh ... it is
'generalisations are generally wrong '
YOU . GUYS . epi tonight gave me perspective . bachparadise gave . me . perspective . thingsIneverthoughtIdsay
Working Girl on LaborDay
Who invented the fire hydrant ? Not sure . The patent burned up in the 1836 fire at the patent office .
BachelorinParadise Well here 's a li ' l - one of the guys from the TwoDateDay looked like Justin Hmmm ...
you 're supposed to be showing a bit of neutrality yourself seeing as you 're a civil servant . Ironic Hypocrite
assisi u may have missed Hon PMs comments on similar issue .
Superb : Jeremy Corbyn and I are the new Christs context
It worries me that intotheriver is banned , but there 's no better way to ensure that teenagers want 2 read it !
Here 's the ironic sign that sums up the hypocrisy of KimDavis & amp ; her supporters.MT : KimDavis rally
has a song for every mood . is just the tip of the iceberg .
casey 84 speaking of LorsLaw
Making the most of office equipment.justanotherdayinthedesert officewoes Ironic Doha Qatar…
Its amazing that the self-proclaimed defenders of democracy in Pakistan are the ones who are not organizing the localbodyelctions ironic
Happy LaborDay Everyone ! that I work today !
They Misspelled My Name But It Fits My Personality And Pretty Face Like A Glove ! LMAO Ironic
A 9/11 special on TV while a game of Jenga is going on . goodjob
no funding to catch burglars but we can waste 2 days doing drug tests on cues of people ....
coalisamazing and 's budy is making a lot of money carrying it on CSX rail cars ironic
stehling as you freak about a grammatical error
blue chairs at a yellow election ! ! . Turn up so far poor .
The rule says home state final . Ca n't believe people are sooking over playing at the MCG ! ironic
I learn there 's no GST on Viagra nut my wife has her period ! Goddamit ! qanda
Half the world is starving , while the other half fights obesityirony
Orkney & amp ; Shetland win lawsuit on Carmichael to remove as elected MP , PM rewards fraud as Scot minister w Ermine robe . frenchgate
Laois men tweeting about hurling ironic
YasmineSherif91 : I keep up with the Kardashians more than I keep up with my life .
Woke up to Google Now telling me that details of the Google Nexus 5 have been leaked .
Talk about glaring in-your-face irony ! ModiGovt Mumbai BJP ironical lol modiministryrocks
.... At its worst 😷
Money ca n't buy happiness but it sure does give you the choice of choosing your own form of misery .
`` People are taking unfair advantage of your flexibility . Try not to blame anyone for their shortcomings , focus on your own ideals . '' Ironic
I keep up with the Kardashians more than I keep up with my life .
Missed Saturday because of a broken leg cox17 bought me this foofighters
But ur actors keep pleading 2 work in our movies sum of dem do n't want to go back porkistan
I 'm not one to judge IJS Jesus take the wheel ! truth TruthBeTold injustices humor TruthHurts TRUTHSNLIFE
Work grind has me like : `` I ca n't go to shows , but now at least I can afford to play more shows . ''
When you have to dig through old photos to come up with a proper timeline of your own life . ironic
There 's a guy on the lightthedark Sydney FB group who has been screaming for three straight hours about how protests are worthless .
w/ coworkers lubed up in HellLa StickyStories Wolverine
I 've made a wrap which I ca n't wrap ! lunchlowcalorie
Islamophobic crime in London 'up by 70 % 'The `` Islam is an intolerant violent religion '' mob lol idiots
This is what the people are all about . Bloody hypocrites . Pakistan and Separatist leaders talk of Azad Kashmir
Worked 27 hours on labor day weekend ironic
Constitutional Muslims who believe in لانبی بعدی also expecting Jesus to come back as prophet
A Labor Day parade with many unions and not one float was built for it . happylaborday LaborDay
American politicians show their intelligence again . SpeakAmerican English ironic
'This material is not suitable for anyone ! ' - Then published online by a random person ... Ironic
Er ... summary of this article `` I 'm not religious , but I 'm right . '' ironic
ironic but we will take it LaborDay2015
Define ironic : GOP candidates marching in a LaborDay parade .
A sign promoting education to football players that misspells/misuses `` you 're '' and `` wo n't '' ... wow Disservice
I love love . I just do n't like being IN love . That vulnerability is staggering . Emotions creep me out . logicalwoman ironic weirdo
I just got handed a 5 page printed brief . This was the last page.irony
could you imagine giving birth on LabourDay
A report on taxing wages in the BRICS . Written by people who do n't pay any . sdg @ OECD
So the hire the Science Museum to hold an event to tell us how they will transform and save money bbccharter
It was an issue of 'Real Simple . '
what is development 100 flats worth 25cr getting soled out or farmers committing suicide for water of this country
In honour of labour day we will be here labouring until 8pm ironic idontthinkso so dine in or take out 519-747-2729
I ca n't figure out why this is so appealing .
Get people involved in civics , not politics , politics comes naturally once people are engaged in their communityvotemorley & lt ;
is a Whistleblower , EmployeeRts , Transparency org where ED abused/retaliated against employees.ironic
Not enough labour on labour day .
just out riding Roo and leading dukey babe . ironic
Time to do a little weed eating , spraying and mowing . Working on Labor Day ... Ironic
Shout out to all the moms going in to labor on Labor Day LaborDay
I 'm so proud to be Danish
the best part of that sign trumpeting the importance of education is the incorrect spelling of 'your ' .
Ugly act of antisemitism shines light on indo-Jewish artist 's latest work . ironic backfire
I 've already heard 3 random `` happy birthdays '' this morning , is that a thing ? To be born on Labor Day ?
On a day brought to us by unions , let us attack unions in a fit of LaborDay2015
Working all day on Labor Day ..... ironic
scrolls aimlessly to the next tweet as strains of A. Morrissette 's Ironic drift thru her mind ...
Arnold Schoenberg suffered from 'Triskaidekaphobia'- a fear of the number 13 . He also died on Friday July 13th , 1951. themoreyouknow
Working 10-9 makes for a great Labor Day ironic
Ironically I hate a lot of lines ... TheOneLineYouHateMost
Good morning . HappyLaborDay I 'll be at work if anybody needs me .
Pro Tip : Same goes for my tweets . RN
too bad they could n't use the proper form of `` you 're '' on this sign . Education
Tech Companies Speak : We Ca n't Afford The City Either | Hoodline tech
Appzio preview works same as Apple 's TestFlight : links . Got rejected because links are bad ux . iosreviewtime 27 days and counting
Oh my ... on a positive note though , saving this for lessons on
Show the world who you are who you are ! Iconic Ironic RebelHeart @ American Museum of Natural History
Would have loved to see today in Pittsburgh , but I 'm working .
The fact I actually have to perforn labor on labor day ironic LaborDay
oh dear , the farmers seem to be behaving like the cull protesters that they complain so much about ironic badgermonday
Firefox pops up a box obscuring the page I 'm trying to read . It says `` Remove clutter so you can focus on what you want to read . ''
nice forecast for this week sodslaw ironic schooltime septembersizzler
Yes , absolutely I see Gaelic webtools as political propaganda
Awesome breakdown , however , less effective when you get to the `` your '' part while trying to talk education
Whats considered valuable could mean nothing to me .. Things change when you change how you see things ReadTape
Is it just me or is there something inherently wrong with protesting hate with more hate ?
An Indian Communist is one who neither believes Sita nor Ram but works for a boss named SitaRam ( Yechury ) .
The US intervene causing the SyriaCrisis then lie to fear monger Russias involvement , Ukraine lessons learned
hillaryclinton talks abt WarOnWomen but fails 2 mention it started w/ BillClinton & amp ; a certain intern under his desk . tcot
My first day of work is on LaborDay
Haha it 's ironic how many judge others but forget to judge themselves first stupidity and insecurity
reading about taking care of delirious patients , while sitting with an extremely delirious patient .
Ummmm ... maybe adding a bill or brim would help . OHare WidowsPeak ShaveIt LetItGo
Muzique had way better music tho ironic
Obama 's gift to the Europeans . Pay back for those who donated so much of their cash to get him elected . tcot
Heading to the gym for a good workout on labour day . Does this mean I have to work extra hard ? 😂 lets do this ! 💪🏼
Nigeria : The of Carl Ikeme 's emergence -
I just added a new piece of art to ! emotions children water rural underdevelopment
A player who is afraid of rejection ... ironicpoginyts
The most knowlegdable wannaknow more/While the most ignorant are happy to remain so ..
And my last hope also bites the dust . iloveyousiri !
is watching Party girls dancing to 's `` Chandelier '' with no earthly idea what the song 's message is .
sadly not . Scotland the brave Chortle
Officer and yet you folks incapable of seeing ideology in what you say and assume
A pickup truck flying a huge `` Do n't tread on me '' flag just cut me and three other people off on the highway with no blinker .
Saw a commercial yesterday for a job fair on Labor Day
said no . of deaths during Assam voilence didnt warrant coverage on NATIONAL TV ; covers floods
lora em ? ironic ? Lol ! !
SA has refugee problems & amp ; Europeans criticise us for not doing more . Europe faces same problem & amp ; choose how many they 'll take . ironic
such generosity from him 2 struggling moms & amp ; their kids ... a circle of beautiful balance & amp ; perfect Grateful
Buy a new Mac on my old PC and now old PC wo n't start up ironic
The revolution will be televised , and the revolution 's twitter account will tweet about . icant fb idiots
Welp looks like I 'm laboring on Labor day .... ironic HappyLaborDay
. Blah blah blah ... You do realize that you 're talking about the only team in the Prem who have n't conceded yet , right ?
So funny ! I figured everyone would ignore it .. ironic
. What 's wrong w/ this picture ? Ohio
demanding from their own govt
Just considered cryptic tweeting . Then remembered I 'm not that lame.irony
LaborDay - work is a blessing from our Creator , cursed w/pain by Sin , & amp ; is complete w/rest . So hard to remember to rest . sabbathday
The engine plant is being de-commissioned . What to do with all that steam and chilled water ? Caterpillar
This is the first Labor Day in 3 years that I have n't had to work . ironic
: Thank you ! I am so tired of people who call themselves Christians and then ignore all but the Old Testament !
The of life .... now that 's the real kicker
Happy Day Off , everyone and sorry for mom 's in labor today .
A country that does not have the death penalty launching targetted executions in other countries .
To where , precisely ? Straight back into a war zone ? 70 years ago the British led the way today it 's Germany .
Is n't it odd that it 's also 9 months from New Years too ?
Upset he had to work on Labor Day .
you'reirony
Just got back from my self defence class , only to get almost taken down by a car . It 's like raaaaiiinnn on your wedding day ! ! ironic
If funny how you got mad a me for something and it ended our friendship but here you are doing the exact same ....
manifestations of our experiences and imagination combined ... I think
What I learned from 'Into The Woods ' : if you cheat on your husband , you will shortly after fall off a cliff and die ! WTF ? lollife
this is how u made tons of people feel and GrowUp
Free agent out here .. ironic
Bitch dont kill my vibe always kills my vibe Ironic
Angela Merkel is head of the Conservatives - traditionally an anti-immigration party germanpoliticiansnotbetterthanothers
Pretty much every republican candidate is wishing everyone a happy LaborDay ...
Inked ... I said I 'd do this if I stepped up to tell the story of our walk and it rose to meet me . Now I have to
man in yellow `` Regularly scheduled programming ''
People have always told me they love how big my heart is . Those same people have turned round and did me the dirtiest.Irony
Thousands of Britons ( immigrants ! ) claim dole in Germany .
union busting Repubs celebrating LaborDay
ThisDayInHistory 1864 Atlanta citizens evacuated without any of the comforts of home and only the cold charity of the world karma
It 's 12:17 PM ! A little late , but I just woke up , so yes , IAMUP ironic
12 yo said all my music is 'old ' . I told her to pick the music . She pulls up her 'fave ' song . It 's 'Here Is Gone . ' googoodolls haha
`` What are you awake at 2 in the night ? `` - A person who is also awake at 2 in the night ! irony TheOneLineYouHateMost
co uk progressive thinking !
Im not a great comedian ; regardless ... I like to pull a quick one to drop my audience dear to me dead with laughtercomedy
Working on Labor Day
Just saw a car with the license plate `` godsend '' blow a tire . I 'm dying laughing
Often Love is is the reason why many people go to WAR/ And peace is what they fighting FOR .
I find it ironic that most people working today are labourers . laborday
You ca n't make homes out of human beings . Ironic
explain it to some people .
the of the wasp sitting on the can of waspkillerspray !
I can only assume she is referring to her failed attempts at correction.ironygrammar Just stop , sweetie .
Many Christians lament America 's `` rejection '' of God but turn to American politics rather than the way of Jesus .
Started my Monday with 3 consecutive biology sessions and they were really interesting 😍😍 ironic sorrynotsorry
I just made a list of lists to make productivity todo
it is hilarious to see a religious kook say this .
Oh the @ West Indian American Day Carnival Association ( WIADCA )
I love it when I typo in a tweet .
it does make me laugh when I see Libertarians affirm that they are slaves to Christ .
Batman dying from a latex allergy
Studying neuro actually makes my brain hurt 😑
plays Austin Nicholas 😂 ironic summerforever
First they 'll force us to accept the Meat/Fish banThen these very Jains will come and say Michami Dukhadam to usJale pe namak
Yet the hashtag is a lie . The burns .
Interesting that MichaelMcElhatton played a character named Rob in
working from cafe in Olympia , WA . Internet here is freaking fast – unlike in any cafe in San Francisco ironic
Can you have the after party at the new on 42nd street please ? highlow NYFW
The Kilkenny 's playing Galway girl at the Homecoming .... Irony
The drax power station and windmills on a beautiful sunny evening in the Vale of York.…
I work on labor day . ironic
Working 8 hours on Labor Day ironic
I 'm sure there are lots of OSU fans asking why they stopped handing the ball to their stud RB .
I reached my move goal today while eating a frosty
KimDavis ' husband said since they have illegally jailed my wife , we want Bashear to do his job or step down . Oh , the
Checking to see if I can vote online via Elxn Can . Website less helpful to remote locations . cdnpoli elxn42
Did I also mention she tweeted a picture of herself eating a cheeseburger ?
Why you see a tow truck broke down on the side of the road ironic
A leaked Yumberry Pomegranate stained my mattress in a lizard shape . ironic permanentad
Do they know that they are the evil regime hellbent on destruction or must they be notified ?
This game might get ugly early . OSU has an intimidation factor even in intimidating Lane Stadium .
Working on Labor Day . ironic or accurate
So when osu loses to ewu , osu sucks , but UO defense gets blown up and suddenly ewu is best team in Washington and could be pac12 team
Just finished ( but not done ) a 13-hour work day on LaborDay2015
I think I only did one klutzy thing today , so I 'm calling it a win ! burnedmyfingersonaspoon
How is it I 'm working a 40-hour work week during Labor Day weekend
bought heels from the comfort range and have spent the past two days taping my feet up with thousands of plasters .
How did I spend my Labor Day ... Installing a bumper to my jeep for 6 hours that actually does n't fit ironic
'Ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead , nor print any marks upon you'Lev 19:28irony atheism
Fair rides do n't blend well with fair food ironic
Dirty ass windshield and no washer fluid . ironic
GlobalCitizen is launching GlobalGoals to end poverty . Do you see the in the promo for the upcoming concert ?
Got sent home on labor day .
I 'm noticing a lot of conservatives on Twitter like to talk at length about conservative values but little talk about actual freedom
Europeans immigrated everywhere in the last 4 centuries . Now they are shitting for just few hundred thousand people .
It 's FOOTball but kicking is n't their strong suit ... ironic
And I post this on social media
Hi all - today 's NEW strip is up over @ - enjoy ! webcomic comicstrip burntfood foodie chow drinks
releases constructiontimeagain on this date LaborDay ohh I just LOVE the grabbinghands noonewithanswers truth
The best way to success ... words quote quoteoftheday ironyoflife
Into third week of not drinking and finding myself spending whole day at work sorting dirty wine glasses
I just have SO much to say about this ! ironic notreally talking silenceisgolden silence @ Pier…
Yes , and then committed suicide over a girl . cantmakethisup
Unique to Ann Arbor is my experience realizing I 'm a snob because of how badly the vain , indie-bookstore-tourist hipsters bother me .
for `` obscene language '' . No slander , no hate . Just vulgarity . LikeABossTour
How is the long weekend over already ? ? 😭😱 dontwannawork LaborDay2015
Hi my name is Abby WestBEE and I am allergic to BEES🐝 ironic
Kinda ironic since Google will make those ads unskippable .
DonaldTrump talks CITIZENKANE with . orsonwelles errolmorris film movies cinema filmmaking
Labor Day began as a holiday to celebrate American workersbut its a major sale weekend so many peopl it `` celebrates '' work long hoursirony
Just saw a Mustang with Boss detailed on the side . I hope that your actually a nice guy . On second thought I hope you 're a girl
Haha a slave can dream😜 ironic to funny Roleplayed 👸🏼
And that is a remarkable use of Capitalization
Ladies and gentlemen , I present to you ...
Funny . I used to follow you until you made your remarks about Ned Yost & amp ; now you follow me ironic
Stonehenge upstaged by a new Stonehenge 2 miles away ? mystonesbiggerthanyourstone
Trains are delayed on both directions . Instead of seeing people rushing to take the bus or cab , they were taking pictures . Haha ..
When did LaborDay become so laborious ? Set up , grill , make sure all is going well , clean up . Now I need a day off from Labor Day .
The Porn Myth via fascinating
A guy concerned only with money went to a guy concerned only with winning to tell his story . Harvey Jeter
Glad I talked to you . We can say we 're almost bestfriends from now .
Sweats more after a shower than before
DENTIST has bad caps . . .
Liberals and democrats dividing the nation since the civil war in the name of social justice .
I 'm watching the hangover with my two roommates Carlos and Tyler . Found out the babies real name is Tyler but Alan calls him Carlos ironic
In our increasingly-connected world , try disconnecting ... MondayBlogs girlonawire lifehack
big business had better not interfere in eu referendum ; do n't think they will be invited to no 10 in the dying days
Would n't have Labor Day without unions .
A nation of refugees snubbing the displaced
Despite my near death experience on a bicycle , I have managed to decorate my house with several .
Good thing I 'm self-employed and do n't have to stop working at all ... momsmatter familyleave
12 hour shift on Labor Day ? ironic
Belsomra commercial featuring words acting like animals ... warns of hallucinations
Yes , I cry while watching Bambi . Yes , I still want to shoot his dad . ironic
He 's holding a Del 's lemonade Narragansset beer shandy ! ironic RhodeIsland
G4S the very same Co who provide security for Palestinian Prisoners in Israeli Jails .
I LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT THE VIDEO ! ! ! I could relate to EVERY point ! For Lilly ! ironic 😂
For some reason my pop corn wo n't pop ! ironic
Virginia Tech 's qb `` it 's gon na take a lot more than that to take me out of the game '' .... Breaks collar bone next quarter 😩 ironic
10.5 hours of OT on Labor Day watching people who do n't have jobs party .
Her husband is an idiot . KimDavis att compares her to Jews in Nazi Germany , invokes images of gas chambers
Hey , why not cut those ramen noodles in two ? Two meals outta one .
The world is strange . Those who have to receive money feel apologetic & amp ; those who have to give , are absolutely unconcerned .
`` It 's gon na take a lot more than that to take me out of the game '' OSUvsVT jinxed
I can relate ! I adore the feeling of my head being as light as a feather and my limbs as heavy as the Everest !
I might never finish this book , Triathlete 's Guide to Mental Training . I do n't have the patience to read it .
I have never heard of this word before . ironic antiintellectualism
When it 's Labor Day & amp ; you worked a double & lt ; & lt ; & lt ; hootersgirlproblems
`` If your investment horizon is long enough , you simply do n't argue with idiocy , you bet against it . '' Hmm . Relevant sa socialism ah
My cuz who took pride in his religion spoke only his mother tongue inspite of knowin Hindi & amp ; English n nw hs both sons settled in US
alanis morissette climbs 1000 stairs for charity , and by the end realized there was a charity escalator next to her the entire time Ironic
Especially on Labor Day .
santhara ... hey jain community I got a great suggestion for you .... do hunger strike in protest of santhara ban haha
What happens if Virginia Tech beats OSU with there backup QB
Sometimes our fathers did n't minister us frequently enough , thus we feel the need to make a spectacle of ourselves .
When your room is covered in school stuff , and the mess stresses you out
First place where I experience free city wide wifi turns out to b a post communist country ironic zagreb croatia
Barely even touch mine
Awesome . Vatican is hosting two migrant families . Pope Francis is the savior of Europe . refugee
So a women 's basketball player ca n't wear a hair band on her wrist , but this guy can wear a gold watch while he fumbles ? histime ironic
Ironic that I 'm designing something to promote WorkLifeBalance , but my own work-life ai n't so balanced ...
Right after saying `` it 's going to take a lot more than that to stop me '' Brewer is out of the game with an injury . OSUvsVT
do the WORST hot chocolate . Its never hot ! ! ! ironic
PM Failed to Match Words with Deeds : Sonia , probably that 's the reason sonia never allowed ex-pm MMS to speak .
I 've only just seen this particularly vicious / ironic / mad case from Liverpool :
this is what 's confusing me more than anything , that what they say is n't offensive and should be stopped ? indeed ! ! !
My team his team my team ... colts raidernation broncosnation nyc ironic football uncle penny bags
Just saw a photoshopped pic of moonrise over a beach w the caption `` What a artist GOD is . '' laughingatstupidpeople
What a woman says to her avid lover should be written in wind and running water . true love myth
Even rapes are legitimate
Here are 40 of the most ironic photos in history :
Way to go , Cesar ! I just downloaded my copy , but I do n't think I 'll get a chance to read it until after the wedding .
Maybe that 's it . Not enough emotive photo ops . ironic
Are you addicted to apps ? ? There 's an app for that . Ironic IMustHaveIt
Coca-Cola using the smileyselfie in the same way as did for SugarRush
I hope she gets thyroid cancer . Good luck explaining to her what that is ...
claimed I never tweet about her . So this is a tweet . About her . So . Yea . becauseican
AND there was n't a single non-white face at local state primary ( which son did n't get in to ! )
One year ago dom was doing this shit , and now he 's pledge educator 😂😂
The Labour party are calling on the government to see the legal basis of drone strikes on a country we 're not at war with .
when the dogs supporters threw bottles nrl , media n souths wamted life bans . 2wks for burgers is a joke
In 72 , the SMH alone supported the McMahon gov't until defeat by Whitlam . The Australian now the lone voice supporting Abbott auspol
while Shane Watson is retiring , M Asif is getting ready 4 a 2nd debut
`` Gon na take a lot more than that to keep me out of this game '' -- Brewer QB at VT
in But the Mughals are anathema to the present government !
There 's difference betwn soundind rational n being rational.Supporters of beef ban r now opposing meat ban Ironic
Feel the need to comment but I 'm speechless .
The artists are better promoter than the company .
SwacchBharat ki reality ! Fact
Spent Labor Day working ironic
announced !
I just was given 14 days notice at work . Hey `` Happy laborday ! ''
Lol when you work on Labor Day ironic
meatban When Muslims force Halal on Non-Muslims , no one gives a fuck . Strike to bring a animal loving society , hell breaks lose
All shops are open already besides Ironic lazysports
Getting the emblem : Alive while Quiet shoots yet another soldier your restraining to interrogate MGSV
130,000 people on housing waiting lists ... And today a huge auction in Dublin of properties worth €35 million .
Sharing productivity tips on Twitter is kind of ironic . Do n't you think ? productivity
`` I 'm like a pro running a begginner course oh ! better yet the game of rugby on the tennis court '' TheReadTape
Watching some rap vids on YouTube and when a commercial plays he says `` so glad I got you away from those drug lords . '' 😂
The future of education ? For $ 5 , I 'd say : ThisWasPromotedOnMyTeachingAccount
I 'm not happy for his injury , and wish him the best of luck . But , this is OSUvsVT
ESPN plays video of VT QB saying its going to take a hell of a lot to get me out . 5 minutes later . Hes out .
Happy Labor Day ! DMtalk
Been up since 4:30 firstdayofschool and it turns out I 'm the one that ca n't sleep insomniastruggle insomnia
Downloaded a graphic from corrupted file . Oh wait it 's from the government . Of course it 's corrupted .
How ironic these clowns get the title right and honourable gofigure
Discovering you are allergic to your new allergy medicine ...
We need to get behind him ! My tickets arrived today
You 're not your . ironic
You 'll actually find that blacks are saying all lives matter , and whites saying black lives matter . Ironic
When I have my long gap between classes I watch friends on Netflix wishing I had friends . ironic 😅
`` Science On A Sphere '' only available on closed-source operating systems opensourceitplz
That moment when you 've never been in a relationship , yet you help all of your friends with their relationship problems . ironic
Technical difficulties with a11ysummit @ UM , anyone know if sessions are being taped ? accessibilityissuesataccessibilityconferencr
I dunno though . Did n't he work for the DHSS . And we all know everyone on benefits has got more money than soft mick
hook or crook ?
The of people believing themselves to be tolerant of all while being intolerant of people learning to be tolerant ... go figure
Dan asking an NFL MVP about `` self-improvement '' while sitting next to Stugotz wearing an ill-fitting tuxedo . Lard lungs
Potat way of giving a presentation smartcasual gentlemens
`` Parisians are worse than you think '' paris love book goodread ironic culture language
Bizri says we must follow her definition of humanism , which is that we as human can figure and make things out ourselves ironic Hist125
Getting tons of homework over labor day weekend .. 😒 . ironic
To win trivia contests and be called `` smart '' , you need to watch a lot of TV , AKA an `` idiot box '' .
that 's not how you spell DONUTS DUMBASS 💀😂
Got ta go to work . I 'd love to stay home with the fam , but I 'd be staying for me ... I leave for them .
Just made yeast free bread then smeared marmite all over it
`` Hi |FNAME| , Join our webinar about Company Branding '' fail marketing
Writing a post about why sitting is bad for you , while sitting for 2 hours . Smh 😕
I wanted to see you one last time- but when I saw you , all it made me want to do is see you more . love
2 months later since that magnificent holiday this is the best day weather wise seen since returning . Ironic Dontyouthink ✈🗽☀☀
wordisntenough
I just got catcalled 3 times in 15 minutes . What am I currently doing ? Reading a book on Women 's Psychology and Gender Equality .
ALTC Tweets proliferating like crazy . Verbal questions and points low . Are we encouraging the loss of communication skills ? ironic
Enjoying this lecture , maybe because is not scientific . 'Why Academics Stink at Writing ' sciwrite access
Nope . It 's in paper form only . A digital literacy guidebook that 's not available electronically .
You 're not allowed to take days off ! BTW , sorry I 'm responding to this on Tuesday ... I took Labor Day off . : )
We have very few bugs reported in the last few months . Tuns out I created a bug on the page that logs the bugs !
Palestinians are probably the only Arabs in the Middle East that feel safe from ISIS seeing as Israel will be able to defend them
I feel like `` meh '' best describes my thoughts on most everything . Though instead of feeling meh about it , I feel great .
facepalm just stabbed itself and died BC chutiye
Just let the of this soak in for a bit . GoT GameOfThrones Tommen Myrcella Cersei Jaime…
The same CPI ( M ) , which took orders & amp ; money from Soviet Russia & amp ; supported China in 1962 war ... Irony
As if my infinity necklace which says `` forever '' on the back just snapped ironic 👀
Well done the kid whose name no one can spell won the spelling bee ironic
ReadTape on repeat sibiya
Google finally creates a simplified logo for mobile . Welcome to the digital age !
Unluckily all you saw was complaints and nothing else . But for every complaint there is an answer back but no solution . hatsoff
it 's ironic that i probably could not show this image on facebook because there is nudity but you do n't see it
Complained to about getting too many letters and in response to the complaint they send me 2 letters a month minimum 😓
dance ha ha it makes me laugh . People look confused at chicken for brekkie whilst tucking into a sausage sarnie
Do n't jelly . LeaveMeAlone ButIWantToBeWithYou
A guy in my ffl took Baltimore DST in the 10th . Told him said he was an idiot . The guys name was Matthew Berry . Ironic
Spam about reducing spam !
Funny how all these scumbags turn off social media now to avoid harassment ironic
Fun Fairs are rarely that fun and are never fair . ironic
IT 'S DEFINITELY NOT FRIDAY . THE REASON IS : It 's Tuesday~ ! Yesterday it was Monday so why should it be Friday .
The is jains are more upset on meatban than others
If I had $ 1 for every minute stuck in traffic I 'd be able to buy a new bike every month .
Is this what the govt meant by achchedin & amp ; progressive nation.irony meatban
You do realise that 's from party ? You know , the party you spend 90 % trolling for 'stealing ' the SP name
Oh yea ESPN , I do remember when Sen Arlen Specter , author of Magic Bullet theory on JFK called NFL investigation `` flawed ''
This GOP TeaParty BS Artist CAUSED & amp ; PROFITED from the loss of American Lives has an opinion ? Veterans
Wellbeing - opening up awareness of support networks . Educating the effects of social media and body image speakup ironic
Person - no joke - insisting series of events on slavery be run for free `` if you want as many people to engage with this topic ''
WarOnCops & amp ; BlackLivesMatter are really pushing police into a corner that police reformers are trying to pull cops OUT of ! ^lh
Gorgeous sunny weather here in West Devon this week . I do pity the holiday-makers who got washed out in the last week of August .
Was thinking of skipping anyway ironic
Kumar Sangakkara clearly trying to make run out harder & amp ; should be given out Obst the Field SpiritOfCricket
Shorter Buzzfeed : ImAChristianBut I do n't actually believe christ is God & amp ; wo n't follow him or obey him if it involves any risk
More than 16 years after breaking our hearts , Paul Dickov gets sacked after a 1-0 defeat to gills ironic drfc mcfc
Did you know Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is the fear of long words ironic
Of course , there are free donuts at work the day I pick up a chicken biscuit . This is like an Alanis Morissette song . Ironic NotReally
Life is all about masksirony
I am so in the voting right now , I think I may actual be turning into a robot . Also , sorry for the Twitter silence .
This , and those who drive electric cars not realizing that the…
Too much food on my insta hmmmm ironic
this is the best day weather wise I 've seen since I came back to Omagh . Ironic Dontyouthink IndianSummer ✈🗽☀☀☀
20 Most Ironic Names Of All Time : Funny Names
I see a lot of people wearing track suits but it is clear they have no intention of going to the gym fashion
Its funny im doing better pushing people away .. and theyre coming back
This is the furthest I 've lived from the sea , but the closest to seemingly endless supplies of sushi
A New book claims Jesus was married with 2 children . The christians dismiss this because there 's no `` evidence '' How 's that for Irony ! irony
Labor day is over . Backtowork ironic
Well after my daily rant , hows life everyone ? YOLO ironic
I always bring my comb with me , but I do n't usually comb my hair . 😂
Michael Brewer at halftime : gon na take a lot more than that to knock me out of the game . First play of second half : we end his season
It 's that time of week again , social drinks with friendship destroying questions at our Pub Quiz with from 8.30pm ironic
In bosnia where evidently refugees are welcomed ironic
Peter Lawwell in his ECA role remains on Institutional Relations Working Group . The ECA endorse institutions like history !
Damnnnnn bars `` : `` It took prison to find the long walk to freedom '' ThReadTape ''
According to Urban Dictionary : Bance - Something that is undesirable or lacks character . peegate canpoli
defends cheating Patriots while having a quote on his profile from another known cheater Worldwide William Wesley !
I 'm a SLAVE to these beats cause they set me FREE .. TheReadTape
I was kind of hoping they would kiss ... fall in love ... and not be able to get married in KN . DoYourJob
So I got health tip on Twitter .. ! Like my actually diet is candy and cookies pleaseimnotstupid ihaveredhealthatuniversity candy
Dad claims to hate soccer , yet is watching the ENGvSWI EuroQualifiers in rapt fascination ... FootballCares
I think it falls under when places have automatic everything in the bathroom but doors with handles handleshavemoregerms
SMH on hold ( again ) with for an hour plus and the music keeps stopping to tell me that they `` realize my times important ''
..... I always hated zain TV ads
Alas last option most of the men do n't pick ! ! Sad choice
I literally am making a bed I wo n't ever sleep in . ironic
I 'd like 2 C both of them discuss the 2 diff't methods of doing the same thing . got away w/it .
She is n't pretty though .
Arnab is actually shouting as he calls for the panelists to calm down
`` I 'm still an author that 's off the books/ here comes the chorus that off the hook '' TheReadTape
He said while making a factually incorrect sensationalist accusation .
Old John C. Calhoun himself must be rolling over in his grave at this notion ....
Did you know they do n't actually sell fridges ironic competition
This is one of those situations tht proves how SIMILAR CPC and Conservative muslims really are . cdnpoli onpoli SexEd
Picked up car from repair shop . Something new breaks while I drive home . Why God have you forsaken me .
Own Goals England 's top scorer ? I thought he was rubbish at NUFC ! 😉
I find it ironic that you use the word `` bigotry '' ... Both sides are equally intolerant .
wait.let me get this str8 .. U do n't want her to judge anyone ... right ? Jackie Lovin ironic
or mere coincidence that all talking against MumbaiMeatBan ( happ since long ) associate eating meat to a religion MeatBan
Why would they try to clean up their own mess ? ironic
Should I be concerned that a giant tentacle is going to take my daughter while she sleeps ?
Enlightened Intellectual Book Forum on Facebook banning conservative books .
Oh the I 'm usually rooting for freedom not confinement KimDavis reiders
Homeopathy conference ends in chaos after delegates take hallucinogen
That line ! ! ! 🔥🔥 `` : I 'm a SLAVE to these beats cause they set me FREE .. TheReadTape ''
So this just happened .
ca n't make this stuff up.Irony
If Italy had convicted Amandaknox there would be doubt about her guilt . As Cassazione acquitted AK & amp ; RS the world knows they R guilty
`` To assert that Earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as claiming jesus was not born of a virgin ''
Belicheat has damning evidence that proves he cheated in games he coached-still in NFL Pete Rose gambles on his team=banned for life
Who need class ? JavaScript Ironic GoodToKnow
The fact that is trying to enter Kim Davis 's jail cell right now , while she could be possibly walking out ...
Is n't announcing that Hillary2016 is planning on going to be spontaneous not exactly spontaneous ? TCOT
ooh how exciting
Does n't candyfloss remind us of our childhood ! But the here was the child selling them.…
I fired up on my 4k monitor to edit a 16x16px graphic .
Govt . Banned Meat to save Animals but it is not banning cigarettes which might be helpful for humans to survive ! meatban TrollGov .
My mom is watching OITNB ... The show she belittled and made nasty comments about when I was watching it
Now food is also gender biased
The definition of doyourjob
No tweets about Ricky .... ironic
`` Educate yourself on feminism '' `` No feminist has ever said men are n't oppressed '' Lol , wut.Irony WeWillSpeak
now that do n't have votes they want for what they want to vote on , GOP want to change the rules hypocrisy dejavu
Kim Davis ' lawyer begins his statement talking about how her separation from her husband has been difficult .
Who need class ? JavaScript Ironic GoodToKnow
`` It took prison to find the long walk to freedom '' ThReadTape
Roger Goodell open to changing his role in NFL player discipline , discusses Deflategate ruling goodellout
`` When you do n't know what is '' RT : `` It 's really mean what u said you cunt , bitch , whore , die , kill yourself . ''
Of course it 's raining . Of course my umbrella is in my office . ironic
Your mother wanted to spell it that way so phonetically there would be no confusion
Fire extinguisher broke but the fire alarm went off ironic 😂😂😂
InternationalLiteracyDay and being fed by illiterates
Science is true weather or not you believe in it ... evolution
It 's ironic that people will circle the gym 20 times for a closer parking spot fitness
HillaryClinton is scheduling more spontaneity and humor into campaign .
TheReadTape really Rapper respect to the king
Nothing like the radio playing `` Stuck in the middle '' while ur getting a skin biopsy done at dermatologist . How perfect . resevoirdogs
At team hotel , waiting to interview riders , as silent TV news ticker scrolls accusations of blood doping and Paula Radcliffe 's fury .
Leaving school on international literacy day .
... as she evades jail time herself . ironic
Happy Labour Day , especially all Finns .
If cynicism , & amp ; /or disdain are attitudes associated w/ criticaltheory , what attitudes correspond with post-critical theory ?
Just as I thought does n't know the meaning of any words with more than two syllables . ironic
I was SO excited the are playing Houston next season . Except it 's not in Houston . ironyugh
Dear [ student ] , I appreciate your personal approach , however not all assignments need to be in the form of letters to me . Best , Sarah
I know your place but ca n't reach you ... I know your feelings but ca n't acknowledge it .. I know your name but ca n't address it ...
New car smell . pullthehairidonthave ironic billnyethescienceguy…
craftbeer camdenpaleale ironic beef @ Tobias & amp ; The Angel
English Defence League ... incapable of writing in English
, you are violating twitter rules by blindly faving ' javscript through automation : tilley
Oh , I know . But it 's his intent that matters .
I know more than I ever wanted to know about stress . And it 's stressing me out .
spent the whole year joking and making fun of me being a vegetarian
`` History is full of like that . '' florida libertarian gov US Senate religion PODCAST :
Hunger strikers at school proposed to close . School 's name is `` Diet '' . ironic chicago
Love it ! 😄 Seriously though , sadly so true . ironic
Belgian Blue cattle in Belgium ironic muscle Farmer says these are preferred in the marketplace .
is always lost on GOP and god-freaks ! American Taliban is growing in the USA
This as fellow citizenS sit & amp ; work censoring critics of government wrongs on social media effectively tie yokes round their kids necks
at Wrestling world championships while I was on today . ironic
Went to sign , but you are required to give your 'country ' as United Kingdom . Not good .
The fact i get 9hours sleep has me so excited that i cant sleep 😂😂
Netanyahu to Cameron : Israel supports you . The UK has every right to defend itself . Lol .
Tory supporters complaining about cuts
Even my comp sci prof is having tech problems 😂 firstdayofschool
I have Julio . Another manager wants Julio . Offered Kaepernick and Jeffrey . I countered with Give me Lacy for Julio . fantasyfootball
Tim Miles could have hired him twice had this revelation occurred a month and a half ago ironic
Whitman claims he is n't one to lecture yet his entire poem is one huge lecture 3americanpoets
Went to the doctor for help with my chronic fatigue and fibromyalgia . Gives me medicine that might make me drowsy . is not lost on me
BaconSalad : If that is n't personified in food form , then I do n't know what is ...
Those UK'ers are such racists ! buildawall ?
SNP demanding to see advice given to the UK gov . ironic
Never thought I 'd go out partying on a Tuesday , but no uni tomorrow , so yolo ! ironic Back to gaming tomorrow though
forgottendrafts On location with reporting on Greece 's financial crisis . Will update on best beaches & amp ; food .
“ People are tired of the tyranny … that takes people ’ s freedoms away , takes their basic fundamental constitutional rights ” -
paper referenced in Harreld 's resume Number 2 : Not putting best most exp . talent in charge .
Watching the `` I wannaquit the gym ! '' episode of Friends while on the treadmill at the gym
Just found out I was n't paid time and a half for being on call on Labor Day . Worked an unusually long 7hr shift .
Today I missed a call from a possible workplace because I was at work . -.- ironic whylife
So Kim Davis gets a paycheck for not working ... which makes the darling of conservatives the nation 's highest paid welfare queen .
When a mobile site forces you to scroll , scroll , and scroll while scrolling back up while on an article about UX
Would n't it be funny if CBS fired everybody EXCEPT Beermug ? irony firebeermug
Just got called a whore by my English teacher . 😨😠👊😐😤😣
I had a migraine so bad I had to cancel my neurologist appointment . amirite ? Now I 'm trying to…
Feedback to regarding poor support experience on has to be submitted through StarsDraft support ironic DFS MLB
“ : Why is it banned ? ”
Life is like having a big box of chocolates ...... and being allergic . ironic
Lay down the burden of family or personal secrets & amp ; tears A light shines thru a crack in the veneer Vulnerability is spelled/STRENGTH
My biggest IT frustration is the amount of spam I get trying to sell me SEO/social media services ! Ironic ChichesterHour
KimDavis has 3 divorces and adultery under her belt . Perfect mascot for Christian marital purity !
ATL U look soooo happy !
Arlen Specter , author of the Magic Bullet theory on JFK assassination called Spygate investigation inept
She says as she forgets to capitalize `` this '' and put a period at the end ...
Hi . Did you get my Facebook message ? ironic tweet
imachristianbut I 'm not as judgmental as those horrible Christians
. GO THE DONALD ! MAKE AMERICA GRATE AGAIN ! Trump2016
Charming Calgary bus driver persecuted , led to Canada decriminalizing homosexuality history yycpride
I never thought I 'd see the day when is selling frozen foodWaronsadess
I got a migraine so bad , I could n't make it to my neurologist appointment . migrainessuck
The FA is about to support a FIFA president candidate who is implacably opposed to any sort of technology in football
Slumber filter ironic roadtrip @ Ohio Turnpike East/ I-80
garden Bush/Cheney 's invasion of Iraq replaced secular govt with a communist theocracy—within corrupt democratic theocracy.ironic
I 'm waiting for someone to tell you to STFU ...
WATP getting called a soap dodger of a mhanky tim lol ironic
Best thing I 've seen all day
The hardest part of working on your birthday is filing your DOB instead of the actual date . birthday ironic lol
I do n't get the far right 's support of KimDavis - imposition of religious law is exactly what they r freaked out the Muslims will do
is all these brain dead Obamabots trashing KimDavis for not enforcing the law . TCOT . Hypocrites , all of them .
Why is InternationalLiteracyDay being promoted on Twitter and not , say , Instagram ? irony
Said the person commenting on it
the ... many comments to stopping the comments haha nomorecomments news24comments
The term `` ironic `` comes to mind .
The county clerk who denied to issue a marriage license to a gay couple has been married 3 times and had two children out of wedlock .
IDS would think Glenn Hoddle is normal .
group of people that believe in Christ ( who advocated unconditional love ) meeting to tout fact they exclude people from their love
The fact that No Social Media is the top trend on Twitter ironic ProbablyNotWhatTheyIntended
Even The Westboro Baptist Church Does n't Support Kim Davis ✌🏼️
Stop the search & amp ; tell Alanis Morissette I 've found it.Irony
`` Even harder to spin '' smallmathsmakebigpercentiles
Plot Twist : Vannah White was TERRIBLE at spelling bees . WheelOfFortune
Yes , this
saw this tumblr post about successful relationships by zodiac sign but there wasnt one for taurus lol aw wannadate ?
on their way to your girls house in a few years 👌🔥 rufasc63 mym5 famsFF ironic tawfikslambos
US May Prosecute Russian World Chess Champion Kasparov Over Corruption ironic
I seem to only have trouble sleeping on the nights before my extra-early mornings ..
Yes , to deport him back to a Communist nation . Hindsight
By doing their jobs .
BoyleHeights structure fire at crematorium on Evergreen Ave .
Slow Gas Pumps ! ! PullMyHairOut . RaceTrack
I love when one of my friends shares things on social networks that they think supports their beliefs , but is really opposing them .
Most unheard of RT progressive : Yes , to deport him back to a Communist nation . Hindsight
I just love it when butthurt people try to make you feel bad so they can feel better . whatanight ide
Good to see God has a sense of humor still ironic RT : A Quick Look at INDvsBUF : ( cont )
Come on LZ , we are n't in Kansas anymore
The pot calling the kettle black
Wen you urgently need an auto 10 auto wala will refuse . Otherwise 100 autos wil nod their head asking for a ride when you do n't need .
u can ’ t a guy be ironic anymore , without being a hipster 👓 ? ! ?
KimDavis welcome rally playing WORLDLY music ! How dare they ? Lol ChristianProblems contradiction
is he really the player on tix for Game 11 ? His last shot for full year of service ? whereiskam
I wonder what % age of people that support Kim Davis are also afraid of Sharia law coming to the U.S ... 80 % ?
I know ! Totally ! Who let the dogs out , right ? puremichigan Iforgotmydadhadatwitter BieberFever
“ People most in need of protection ” [ from the bombs he is going to drop on them “ by the end of the week ” ]
Sometimes before it gets better , The darkness gets biggerThe person that you ’ d take a bullet for is behind the trigger
Feeding your cat Chinese food is the epitome of
- My Room Number in LA 󾓶󾍛🏾󾓶 @ Downtown Los Angeles
Those `` keep calm '' stickers send me into a violent rage spiral , culminating in a gallon of cherry Garcia , naked , under a bed sheet
The bullseye seems to be for the young , low-attention span audience . Problem is , it 's the same thing for too long ! ironic lostnfun
`` Bigoted pig '' says the guy who called me a `` faggot '' ten minutes ago ...
huh , I 'd start Sept 10 , '02 . That 's the day my mom died .
When your iCloud account has to be looked at by engineering at apple
Then why are we at the vet ?
It 's funny that Walmart got James Earl Jones to read the `` friendly '' announcer part in their new StarWars commercial . ironic
Giving into the temptation to try something real ... homeopathy
Political : the US conservative party is currently rallying behind a woman ( StandWithKim ) who wants to be paid w/o doing her job .
Brought to you by the people who want to force atheism on a nation ..
try not to , when they do show up , we end up watching nature/animal vids all day to restore faith in humanity
Fire & amp ; Water & gt ; I dont want2 perish by fire or drown but after I die , set me on fire & amp ; throw my ashes in the water . EveL
My internet was n't working so I fixed it with a Google search .
Unless you 're muslim , in which case dogs are filthy Weird , right ?
Trash found in my hertz rental car . Apparently they need a 36 pt inspection . hertz1clubgold ironic Imnotsick
Australia now so compassionate it takes in refugees from the place it 's just about to bomb . Syria
aye fried chicken lol , my favorite food just followed me on Twitter ironic
McGuinness SF Aquinas distinguished existence from essence saying a phoenix has an essence , but not existence
do you start the job as a sargeant , or is it a promotion-type thing ? ...
so ironic eyeofthetiger was the perfect song to lead the show in if you were listening to the words .. they went with the images
Dhoni told me to stuff cotton in my ears : KL Rahul . And a day later Brad Haddin retires 4m test cricket
my homework is annotating an article about motivation and self efficiency when it comes to learning
`` Say you 're obsessed . SAY YOU 'RE OBSESSED ! YOU 'RE OBSESSED ! SAY IT ! ''
Today we received 3 , well made brochures on how not to be wasteful . santacruz thanksithink
😂😂😂😂😂we get the most band hate from the school that does n't bring a band😂
`` Seen What You 'd Do for Fame , What Would You Do for Freedom ? '' - DrakeIRONY
We need visuals for TheReadTape
If they do n't like the idea of living in an Australian Republic `` let them go back to where they come from '' .😄
Well they tried the flax . Frustrating . Despite being sprayed 2 weeks ago , the stems are too green to cut . The flax is dry . ironic
Ironic Inquisition French mayor Yves Nicolin says only Christian refugees should be allowed in | Daily Mail Online
Donuts + gummy vitamins = balanced breakfast of champions . reallife
Just saw a guy walk face first into a phone box because he was busy playing with his cell phone modern problems
anywhere it is n't dry . which is nearly all of our damn commonwealth .
Scully Structure fire at crematorium on Evergreen Ave .
Clearly feilhaber22 could n't help this team . USMNT
Does it not seem wrong for worldliteracyday to be trending on ?
If was the Pope during the reign of King Henry VIII , there would be no Church of England ! annulment history
McCall The clerk was a democrat . Put in jail by a republican judge .
lmfao you call blacks ignorant- anyone that uses the term you people really should n't talk about smarts
Scrolling through editing jobs & amp ; finding errors in their job listings ... which state you need 5+ yrs experience ... lol 🐸☕️
Why am I wide awake on the nights I really need to sleep ? insomnia
Sad IndiaPost is not using its own service for recruiting its postmen ; Has invited online applications for the post of postmen
Finally watching TheRookie .... on week ! alreadysawSixthSense andUnbreakable
KimDavis swore an oath to God to uphold the law . she is already out of favor by breaking it to uphold the law ResignAlready
Black people are afraid to be and love themselves , while white people want to be and look like us . ironic
Was chatting with a friend in the UK who 's son is severely gluten intolerant . Has been asked to go on a rice-based diet
We work hard to build our children a future , unfortunately is it all going to be waste . ironic sustainability green kanyewest
Exhausted but I ca n't sleep . And now Alanis Morissette 's Ironic is playing on repeat in my brain .
As a person who would love to see a change in flag , I will be voting to keep it
Wonderful ! Ca n't wait to use this snippet somewhere ! Much fancier and safer than `` ( arg & lt ; 0 ) '' ! ironic isNegative
Job Application these days : We are looking for 25-26 age candidates having 30 years of experienced.irony
- this morning ... Looks like everyone had one and did same - binned it ironic
Planning for PeaceSunday . Colleague reminds me of the need to finish punctually because of Battle of Britain memorial service .
u knw abt us bt u dont knw abt ur dual faced PM !
Imagine Iraq in the Same group instead of Japan.irony
People rushing to Office had to wait 50 mins in traffic , since CM enroute to Global investors summit businessfriendly ! ? Chennai
i spilled soya milk on my cow print pyjama bottoms
clarity : hardly complimenting EITHER of those tyrants m8 – merely citing the of it all , 2behonest ! ; )
I ca n't see it ? Which makes it a brilliantly well played pun : o ) irony
The instruction site for my Web Development class is broken , oh the !
The one decides who end up in terror list murdered 3 million in Vietnam and 2 million in Iraq and Afghanistan para
Hillary slammed the Bush administration for using secret e-mails .
yet you lick Stan `` The Woman Beater '' Collymore 's nuts ... dcfc dcfcfans nffc
Peta 's animal shelter in VA could be closed because shelter kills too many animals .
Horny in Seattle . Want someone to fuck .
If you ca n't cry , now that would be sad Spirituality heavencantwait quotes
We are ready to bump it bring it on RT
Went to write `` National left handers day '' on the board at work and smudged the whole damn thing . TheStruggle
Memories - your best friends & amp ; your worst enemies ! LifeLessons TrueDat SoTrue QuoteOfTheDay QuoteOfTheNight
Looking forward to having by take spins on radio . Cc
Gamergate GamingJournalistsaredead gamingjournalismisdead ( Does not apply to sites like )
Totally not an ironic pose with the baes ironic pleasedontthinkthisisserious
WTF u gave birth ? u hav no ideaTHE STATEMENT STILL MAKES U A WANKAjustsaying
That Messi goal looked like Mario Gotze 's goal in the World Cup 😂
`` Sometimes you feel alone in the best company// Sometimes when you 're alone you in the best company '' .. Ai n't it ironic ? TheReadTape
You 're the best when it comes to
Welp . Mic this is what happens when you dress as Dave Strider.Nightmarenight mlp homestuck by servant of…
This made us laugh ... good advice , we 're sure you 'll agree .
Al looks .. She however loomed her own inhumanity and on camera whilst carrying a camera .
Hurray ! I also love that it 's on Temperance Street
you are obviously proud to be English Joe , yet you struggle with the language ironic and what has Syria got to do with it ? 😂
Sure , Iran is nuclear threat for Israel , because Israel has no nuclear weapons ( as Iran has none ) .
It 's so long I have been on twitter , I forgot my password
Exactly 1 year ago today ! via ironic
of the day that OffendSJWs : Feminists who hate the 'Patriarchy ' love their 'Patreons ' . Because ya know , victim is now a profession .
Oxymoron TamilNadu Postal Circle invites online applications for Postman Mail Guard in Postal and Railway Mail Service
Staff member just told me that the only email in his new `` Clutter '' folder on O365 is an email telling him about the `` Clutter '' folder Ironic
for Ind & amp ; Pak Kashmir is a laboratory to test their weapons and Kashmiris are mere rats to be killed in tests .
10 years creating a fix for homelessness . $ ept . 30 , my co-founder and I will become homeless .
All summer long the kids were up at 5 am ... school starts and they sleep late .... ironic Back2School
73 Comedians v Popstars . Original post strikes me as unintentionally ironic
God just held a press conference and announced He does n't believe in the existence of Kim Davis . KimDavis
Looked up memes with my name and this came up ironic happybdaytome : ) ) ) ) )
Just like money ca n't buy me love ; money ( US $ 4B ) ca n't buy refugees resettlement or happiness . refugeecrisis
`` People have become just the kind of creatures that Adam Smith thought they always were '' culture
Ryner goons laughing at Delph 's injury ! Lol with Badman & amp ; Diaby !
1200 years ago the Hungarians galloped into Europe driven west by Turks . Settled easily because Pannonian plains impossible to defend
It 's like MikeHuckabee sayin he 'll go to jail for you , when you 're already out . IT 'S LIKE RAI-YAIN ! KimDavis
Kickstarted off the show with LoveMeLikeYouDo by & amp ; Ironic by on DriveOn With Sophie at RADIO1 Tune in !
Dropkick Murphys to Rep. Gov . Scott Walker : 'We Literally Hate You ’ uspoli moronry moron
Whenever Jenny calls me slow , I die . lmao
Doctors and coffin makers hope you 'll fall sick & amp ; die only a thief wishes you a prosperous life & amp ; sound sleep .
nflkickoff Steelers v Stealers
News obviously you havnt heard the classic theme from batman
STILL waiting for my birthday present to me to be delivered.WillKeepYouPosted Ironic
Homeopathy conference ends in chaos after delegates take hallucinogenic drug 😂
All 80s people around me are saying the same thing ! & amp ; is that 5 hour later story is SoTrueyoyohoneysingh
not you Renai . Not-so-secretly excited . ironic
You 're canadian you idiot . Run for PM . Also , plz continue to complain about censorship when you 're blocking everyone .
2DaysToGoForHero the movie .. The is that the HERO in that movie is a real life villain.villains jiah
funny lol 40 Of The Most Ironic Photos In History via
Seeing a guy walk out of , straight in to the advertising board outside is the ironic sight of the week 👍Winner .
Ah , the ... perfectionist perfectionwhoiam thisiswhoiam thisisme disclosure quotes…
now , how can we achieve these goals ... using books ? neverSeeItComing
SinnFein are the only ones propping up the State atm Unionists want it brought down
I JUST GOT A HAIRCUT BECAUSE SEPTEMBER allcaps
The party of Bela Abzug says Kim Davis is n't pretty enough
hahahha how does someone 's fan catch on fire ? ! ironic
That time the waves thought my photo shoot was funny . photobomb igotmyfeetwet oops ironic beyoubravely
you should get that tattoo 'd on your ass .
Dont drink diet coke it has aspartame someone told me while smoking a cigarette
The Jewish Lobby really is all powerful ... just look at the huge swathes of coverage of the anti-semitic chants outside Number 10 ...
AppleEvent today and I managed to leave my iPhone at home today .
I got a free bible on the way to my religion class today Ironic
It 's official . Homeopathy conference delegtes `` found suffering from delusions '' ; - )
Why else would you have an ashtray except not to smoke ? AC1140
Judging by the number of people whove asked me for them , apparently I need business cards - ironic but pleasing for a tech conference altc
: metal drinking bottles promoting not using plastics .... with plastic stoppers and spouts on top .
`` Let ’ s face it , it is really bad if you have to go OUTSIDE your party to get your party ’ s nominee . ''
Whyd u guys tend to be so loquacious on the radio yet so muffled during r class ? loki , mark , tirone ! 😒 ironic SquiresOnAIR
Cheers I think he stopped for a kip en-route ! cheeky japan2015
TT laughed at Tony Jewels ' comments on open mike . Greeners nearly shot by a tiges supporter for wanting TJ to be sacked .
Westboro Astonishes Everyone by Slamming Anti-Gay Clerk Kim Davis // BizarroWorld
Police uttered classic line `` D'you know how dangerous that is ? '' when pulling us out of road delaying truckload of weapons . StopDSEI
Today Pandora is commercial-free . Except , apparently , for the commercials that say that it is commercial-free .
Bhakts use 2 troll me 4 speaking against import of golds & amp ; investing in gold . Now their own Govt . agrees with me .
. there are so many references to money here - 'Skint ' , 'Mint ' and 'Pennies ' meltdown !
She 's nothing 'special '
It 's funny how the bus company bragged about how good their new system was gon na be , when it already has been problems with it ironic
If Donald Trump became president , he would probably demand the league shift to fall season & amp ; go bankrupt .
So radio is doing a day of no ads , but I 've heard this ad 3 times already
Photo : Thanos as a Teen hot reckless totallyinsane foreshadowing marvelcomics thrashin 1983 ...
`` If your lucky enough ... '' Typo .
Panthers offensive line was on steroids .
Pandora just interrupted my music with an ad letting me know that there wo n't be any ads today
Mustache is back . mustache williamsport stache ironic upperlip menwithtattoos menwithpiercings…
Hillary decries overly partisan atmosphere , directly after denigrating most opposition to deal as blind partisanship . HillaryOnIran
Unexpected remarking comic drama on your nation and it has got to be amusing for u and others ! ! ! ironic
when Tennessee Department of Transportation runs a red light
AnotherHalfHourMeetingOnTimeManagementirony
When can quote the bible better than your mom
I 'm sleepy but feels like I do n't want to . ironic latenightthoughts
Some of the people who are opposing meatban in Mumbai are the same ones who supported Peta to promote vegetarianism a few days ago .
So , I realized recently that I have decided to be a SAHM now that all my kids are in school full-time . MACP teacherturnedstudent
`` How could you be so wrong ? My my , wo n't you feel stupid when everyone sees how right I am and self righteous you are ? `` Irony
- noun - hearing an ad from Pandora touting ad free day on ad free day . Ironic
If Shiv Sena has a majority in the BMC how come they are voicing themselves against the MumbaiMeatBan
nflkickoff Steelers v Stealers
Focus group to do the right thing ? Hillary Apologized for Email After Focus Group via
Fadnavis city which faces sea on its 3 sides is reeling with water shortage today is n't it biggest
Sadly , the only thing that is constant in this world is changes . SadTruth
Yep , in Hungary no ? or not .
Pandora says they are ad free today , but I just got an ad advertising being ad free for today . ironic
with a side order of farce : radio ads touting their `` ad free '' day . With ads .
If someone starts out by stating how educated they are , they are just about to say something stupid , hostile , or offensive . comedy
Capitol PO to crowd at PlannedParenthood hearing : I need a single-file line ; ur blocking progress in the bldg . atheistvoter
So these 16 yrs old got arrested here in NC for sexting WHEN they were legally able 4 actual sex . 18 is the legal age for nude pix
Surely Allanis Morissette 's song is actually ironic because nothing in the song is ironic ? Was that the point all along ! ? ironic
hands needed to cop with such paid terrorist to stop .
she keeps using the word `` horrifying ''
Once again , the `` pros '' or platform devs keep making mistakes . The is I 'm not even `` certified '' and I know more about what I 'm doing .
Difference ... the is brilliant . The humour of the day .
That moment when your mom is proud of you for qualifying for the National CJ Honor Society but you did n't open the email til too late
`` Love is why many people go to war and peace is what they always fighting for ''
If you are 'filthy rich'- your actions tht should raise brows r funIf you are not rich , these actions end up as 'filthy'- social
`` I had 670 calories for breakfast , I feel so healthy '' -Girl in Starbucks ironic
While I was on my way to interview the Muscogee County Game Manager , a doe was stopped along the highway ironic
You can not kill a cow in the name of religion but you can kill a human being in its name . meatban idioticRSS
Image of Dickens being used to sell vastly overpriced homes in Fitzrovia that no normal Londoner can afford .
tds71 reading this while waiting for bus ironic
When “ not sinning ” becomes more important than “ loving others ” , we end up failing at both .
Whish is shown blocked by a UPS truck
hw PeaceSunday interesting juxtaposition
Trump just walked on stage at the IranNuclearDeal rally to `` It 's the End of the World '' by R.E.M . lol ironic
I 'm getting one ! Been waiting 6 months . My 5 is dying . As I was reading the updates , the battery almost died from 50 % ironic
I 'm order to be strong you have to be strong .
At one end people are risking their lives for a better life and at the other end we have people splurging money on luxuries .
The should probably just put the Tories under their entertainment section moron fuckthetories
Hmmm ... no . Got stuck in traffic and could n't get to my class . I do 7 classes a week .
Watching the Apple announcement on my Windows 10 tablet .
Retweeted Marketitalia.it ( it ) : Orologi = & gt ; swatch chrono ...
`` Who wants a stylus ? '' - Steve Jobs , 2007 . Yes , Apple has changed^^ Apple iPad Keynote
Lillian Towers led to Stella Awija Hostel
Is there anything better than a hungry tantruming toddler screaming that he 's not hungry ? toddlerparentproblems
Just some ironic chicken scratch from our Brand Manager 's desk ...
Dear main branch library staff : Shut up !
Standing on commuter train out of London reading about standing on packed commuter trains . much ?
. Thank the Lord for small mercies !
Microsoft team demoing an app that leverages the ApplePencil ? Surface team might kill them when they get back to Redmond .
Entropy is there everywhere , well I do n't know why I said this . science epigram humour
is seeing the doctor then heading immediately to priscillassoulfood for friedcatfish…
more wars ? Yet all of you complain our tax money is n't spend properly . ironic
I wonder how many people will name a daughter Ashley Madison ?
And what informs your authority that his diagnosis is correct ? - & gt ; & lt ; - 1 insulting loser defending another
Microsoft Executive at the Apple Event ! Who would have thought ! ? ! ? ! iPadPro
Kim Davis supporter calling for a deputy clerk to `` just quit '' if the clerk does n't want to back Kim 's stance .
Could n't use googlechrome to watch the appleevent .
Microsoft talking productivity AppleEvent
disgustingly ironic a bettertogether nation jizz over longest reigning monarch who 's people still need food banks
The funny thing is , everyone trying to get a seat were being impatient and rude to each other .
Full proof security for VIPs , no security provided to our journalists .
Ali Shah and then taunting me because I was bashed bcz of my Hijab . The girl calls herself a Proud hijaabi too . ?
We ignore the ones who adore us , adore the ones who ignore us , love the ones who hurt us , and hurt the ones who love us ... Ironic
hella ironic on a day like today
coincidence when I learn my schoolmates brother passed on following a Code blue at 6am in my hospital today . RIP Govind .
Anyone one else notice the Microsoft VP wearing an AppleWatch ?
There is an online shopping app called gilt ( pronounced guilt ) . AppleEvent
TeamHillary is going the same route with the email mess as TeamNixon went with Watergate : employing the 'modified , limited hangout ' .
I do n't believe or give af about Astrology but I know my baby daddy gon ' be an Aquarius
Had to find out the meaning of `` NSFW '' the hard way at work ... ironic
The same one who mistreated you will end up needing you .
Trying to watch the Apple Launch on my iPhone and the battery dies at 24 % AppleEvent
In order to be strong you have to be strong .
to the extreme
So there 's no ads on radio today , except for the ad to tell you that there 's no ads on radio today😂
Apple live blog on sponsored by Samsung Galaxy S6
Steve Jobs : `` Who wants a stylus ? '' appleevent stevejobs
`` If you need a stylus , you 've already failed '' -- Steve Jobs Apple Pencil ApplePencil Stylus
Just been sat moving slowly in traffic listening to Fast Car by Tracy Chapman
So there 's this huge Samsung ad on 's Apple 's Event page .
so Adobe finally fight their way back into the Apple Hanger and go down in flames on entry nosj
I have zero interest in tech things ironic
Ca n't believe I 'm managed to crack my iPhone on the night the new one gets announced . Apple iPhone6s
`` Let me show you how to do great print design on your iPad '' - Contradiction AppleEvent
Everybody is watching the AppleEvent and still trolling Apple Guess most of them indirectly is an Apple fan .
stevejobs once stated he hated the idea of a stylus on a touchscreen , yet Apple has brought forth Apple pencil ! Big for artists tho
Been looking at the short list of paint chips on the wall for 3 days . Finally decided . Look at name and it 's `` Uncertain Grey '' .
casting today for warm , friendly voices yet the VOs are all so cranky today ! Odd to hear these soothing voices being so bitchy
This much in one week , first , now moviebob ? So much
= Rs 2 and केजरी की खुजली are also trending on the same day when AppleEvent is trending .
Presentation to Council Evaluates City 's Disaster Response Amid 6th recent PwrOutage . via
Ironic is n't it ? life love quotes ironic encouragement inspirational truth motivational sad…
ashley wears a bracelet with the virgin mary on it ironic
Damage from a stone flicked up by a Windscreen Repair van ! 😡IRONY UnwantedExpense…
I ca n't believe I 'll be at the gym when gbbo starts ! !
Just seen a Corbyn supporter say the Queen 's lifestyle is paid for by the taxpayer and she 's the head of a dysfunctional family .
[ Looks at twitter handle ]
Decade old technology which microsoft demoed long back and failed , today they r giving same demo for iPad pro . AppleEvent pen
THIS IS A BIG AND NOT A SINGLE INDUSTRY COULD BE SET UP IN THESE 35 YEARS AND THESE PEOPLE TALK ABOUT DEV
`` Apple customers love sales '' ironic
When you bring in a VP from Microsoft to the Apple Keynote .

Why were the main characters in `` Woman of Gold '' all played by WASPS ? irony
Really , Apple ends their big presentation with a lousy band whose song includes the lyric `` Take that money / watch it burn '' ?
Apple ended their event with One Republic singing : `` Take that money , watch it burn '' .
Did n't our amazing art department inspire you to follow your dreams ?
Is it me or are many of the pols saying we HAVE to vote against the Iran deal the same ones who said we HAD to go to war in Iraq ? ironic
If they want to protect it they would n't allow storing it . Apparently its in the name of security ironic is n't it
irony : someone getting fired from the calendar factory for taking a day off . randomness Random laugh funny
KimDavis supporter AntePavkovic : `` Fire the cowardly clerks that are lawbreakers . ''
Lol this training came to me . heresyoursign lifeofasupervisor
Caleb & amp ; I got our marriage license today . As soon as we get back in the car `` another one bites the dust '' was on the radio . ironic
Perspective contrast balance fire candlestick lumiere perfect instamood instagood…
He just described the Giants by intending to rip the Cowboys 😂
`` One Republic '' which performed at the AppleEvent today have also composed a hit track called `` Take that money & amp ; watch it burn '' .Irony
the World of Interiors is all about today in a disused sawmill what an amazing dining experience ! milan ...
Midweek games bit difficult to fit in at the mo 😟 ..... Deano MoM v Bison ironic
Were all those roadworks you 've scheduled simultaneously making you late , Ian ? Karma
It 's baffling the Spaniards who have neglected DDG truly heroic displays last two seasons are now blasting MUFC attitude toward him .
Big Brother is talking to the person full of vile , disgusting , and full of satan 😂 CBB
So is giving lessons in being nice now ?
Just `` met '' a Scientologist w screen name `` Windslow Leach '' . Rocky Horror meets Faust . phantomOfTheParadise
Many of these people 's , who are racist against Hispanics , favorite movie character is a Cuban immigrant Scarface Ironic
Ca n't stand people that complain ... and now I 'm complaining about complainers , so I hate myself . FML AlannisMorrisette
Hey let 's hang soon ! ironic butnoseriously
Then the other moment I was asked to tell her where she was lacking in her character , on the note that she wo n't mind
Petron Hungary put the war refugees who fled for their lives from OperationEnduringFreedom into pensirony
Great article.Funny how '' Christians '' never see the in all the crap they say
I want to do this ... I 'm worried I wo n't be able to , though . Wow . -- got to love it , right ?
I see they 're already pulling out racism card which just goes to show they see skin colour as a bargaining chip . ironic
`` Take that money , watch it burn '' AppleEvent ironic OneRepublic lulz
Limbaugh : If Germany Is Accepting Syrian Refugees Out Of Guilt Over Hitler , `` They 're Going Too Far ''
It 's hilarious when Jenna is talking to Farrah & amp ; calls other CBB housemates ho 's .
Watching the news I see the BBC 's famed left wing bias is kicking in ironic
Bans and cries of hate speech/racism are the only tools of those who preach tolerance and acceptance . dangerous
Jenna talking about `` battering '' after what she did to Janice ? ! CBBUK CBBCis30
Gail complaining about someone constantly crying ..... CBB
or do as Mary says herself and buy it 😂😂😂
Cue spring reverb in guitar amp . AppleEvent HeySiri vintageinadigitalworld
Stay tuned for further analysis of Jewish Santa .
is a beautiful jam i 'd love to see a music video . Melina went iiiiin ! Much love !
The 5 biggest employers in Alabama are all state-owned , incl . the govt of Alabama itself .
Struggling between laughing & amp ; crying Mediterranean rules drowning OurSea who wants to scream drama refugeescrisis
Microsoft attends and presents at AppleEvent presenting on a SurfacePro killer the iPadPro
Who wants a stylus ? 😊😁😆 AppleEvent ApplePencil iPencil 2007vs2015
16yrold girl just wrecked into my car.-she was just issued her license 2hrs prior-I was showing a cop housesirony
Berklee , $ 56K tuition , charges students $ 85 to attend conference on how to make $ in music biz
My professor is trying to explain internalized sexism and this girl says `` I do n't believe in feminism because I believe in equality ''
Apple announced the iPhone 6s release date and I drop my phone in the toilet on the same day .
Thanks ! Rec 'd the replacement for the Ring that drowned in freakish monsoon rains . Ca n't install just yet ; it 's raining .
Alan hectoring Andrew Robb to introduce truth in political advertising legislation ironic
makes biopic about Leonardo DiCaprio not winning OscarActor portraying DiCaprio wins OscarIrony
I am sure that the press will not be reporting it in the same way Alzheimer 's pressscaremongering
Everything she do n't like is everything thing she is
Drones v Beheading ? Which is best ?
1984 Majority of audience stood for royalty at a ballet on resisting the power of the state ! anybody ?
Huge amount of info available so readily- are our brains equipped to handle it ? Twitter reflections digital age singularity
or just stupid
Take note , Alanis Morissette . Ironic DoctorFoster
Missed it but it 's India 's Frontier Railways now .
Sorry Seems To Be The Hardest Word by Elton John playing in this Uber ride .
Also find it funny that solicits private donors for stadium upgrade . got public money .
Apple launches the new pencil for $ 99.Steve Jobs in 2010 ... “ If you see a stylus , you blew it pal . Game over ! '' AppleEvent iPadPro
Listening to radio 's `` ad free music '' today , when an ad for ad free music comes on ... cmonguys
we read articles about how technology causes depression in class today .
I saw the homie and is crazy how you think about something and it happens right there ironic
`` 53 % of HubSpot customers use paid advertising '' - inbound2015
at AppleEvent The opening song could n't have been more perfect ! Lately I 've been losing sleep cuz I own a smartphone ! 😂
James Blak was tackled and handcuffed when he was misidentified by cops who were seeking the culprit of an Identity theft ring .
Immigrants , whole EU is yours , Brussels gives up it ! Best regards from citizens of all EU member states .
could n't agree more ! Taking to one of their reps is like talking to a machine ironic
Makes no sense once again ! Same with guncontrol
Pinky is now covered in pink ink from working . lefthandedproblems
I 'm not feeling you , 99 degrees ! ! ! irony
Someone asked if I thought we 'd have time travel in my lifetime . I said we 'd have to by definition . scifi timetravel
You still alive ? Can ' t believe I had to sit through fuckin ANTM ... Ironic 😭😭😭
I 'm listening to Charles Barkley say that the internet is for losers on an internet podcast
Hate this part of the season . Forcing me root for the Sox to beat the Jays so can get that top seed . YankeeSeason
ok I seriously called that Johnson bomb letsgomets ironic
Canadian Tire locks up their locks . Apparently people steal them . ironic
Sitting here on a computer , watching a computer bad mouthing computers . Ironic Extant
Some women with husbands abroad , staying faithful , others with husbys under the same roof eating themselves up , down , left , right
Would n't it have been great if the water cannon turned on the milk farmers in Brussels had sprayed them with milk ? glut vitaminD
Cue Alanis Morisette :
Home from work and now I want Olive Garden ironic
Thank you ( and friend ) for helping fix my internet woes . Spooking continues tomorrow at 6 with Fatal Frame ! ironic spooky
I 'm running for Director of Marketing in my residence hall and I did n't even run a campaign . Ironic YetCreative
Saw a guy scream , `` for Asgard ! ! '' As he sprints to his dorm and then gets splashed by a car , could n't help but laugh . nerdsunite 😂😂😂
prize 2 CAassembly 4 AssistedSuicide in SuicidePrevention Week w BlanketImmunity 4 next `` Dr Death ''
even though Mr Carmichael assures us all that it 's not true , it 's still amusing 😂
The band Survivor is suing KimDavis & amp ; MikeHuckabee 4 $ 1.2 million 4 unauthorized use of 'Eye of the Tiger ' . Hell Yes !
We buy things we do n't need , with money we do n't have to impress people we do n't like . life sadbuttrue
That 's ironic since Obama has never stopped talking about Bush admin misrepresenting intel to get us into Iraq .
National Geographic reaches peak retrospective with Mar '15 cover after selling out to Murdoch
I met my first twitter person IRL today ! I 'd tell you about it but after 5 years , most of you would n't be interested : ) socialmedia
When you see MQM condemning killing of journalists .. the party whose workers have been convicted of killing wali babar .
bio is the study of life and it 's going to kill me ironic
LOL ! Al Qaeda says ISIS is n't legitimate ! terrorists humor /via Al Jazeera America TV report
My birthday is in 26 days and the apple watch released new colors ironic ithinknot birthdayhints heydave
These college grads do n't even know what a `` cover 3 '' is ... some degree .
NYPD officers tackle ret . tennis star James Blake after mistaking him for suspect RayKelly Stop & amp ; Frisk Mojo
In the parking lotirony
It finally starts raining in this drought destroyed area and it happens to coincide to when I start crying .
these Olive Garden commercials during the show have me shaking my head . thestruggleisreal
Ironic and iFunny -Apple on the `` Stylus ''
it 's good to see geniuses fixing bugs in the spec yup reality crystalball
Helping my gf take her online safe driving course.irony
Those last:45 though . I 've always thought she was underrated can I get an amen .
My daughter loved peterpan but she looked worried when the croc tried to eat Capt . Hook . I told her to grow up .
A live streamer just closed her shades because she does n't want strangers to look through her window .
Research institute on computer science in Seoul , capital city of the land with the fastest internet ..... & amp ; wifi wo n't work .
asks : tell about western feminism and native Iranian feminism . Women empowered to promote the revolution ? ironic .
Cameron said `` In doing so we will continue to show the world that this country is a country of extraordinary compassion ''
Who said that one day I would wake up early just so I can study for exzamx after a month from now ironic 😏
Kim Davis , KY clerk who refused marriage lic to 2 gay/2 straight cpls , a Dem & amp ; judge who jailed her GOP . ironic
Apple just released their new iphones , ipad , etc and every non-apple users has their unsolicited negative comments . AppleEvent
Dudes commit their lives to madden then constantly bitch about the game being broken lmao .
Maybe do n't be a Republican that cuts embassy security funding ?
The most difficult 5 minutes of my day : sitting with my eyes closed doing nothing but breathing . meditation ironic breathe
apple vs microsoft its all a question of perspective and timing
`` We are led by very , very stupid people '' -
Owner of fave sushi joint : `` I used to love sushi so much . '' Wanted to scope competition but did n't want to eat sushi anymore . funny
Mrs CJ ’ s and my real initials
Taxi drivers protesting about Uber , during a tram strike . Leaving Melbourne the only way to get around .
The amount of food I 've eaten today is phenomenal and I 'm still hungry 😒 understand
How times have changed , he never would have been impeached these days & amp ; back then that quote meant something .
Lol when they use and AD on pandora talking about how it 's AD free day . ironic
As I 'm headed outside for a beer & amp ; cigar a man from the census bureau arrives asking if I 'm willing to take a survey about health .
IKR ? ! A long short week ... : - )
two years ago to date I started my blog . 48 posts later , I have my 49th.If I was a good planner , this would 've been number 50 .
How do you tell people what NOT to put on the internet ... ? Put it on the internet .
After insinuations from ESPN & amp ; SI this week , it 's the NFL 's DoYourJob masterpiece that exposes the real truth of why the Pats win .
And Let Us Guess . : You Think CONSERVATIVES Are the Simple-Minded Idiots LiberalLogic LackOfSelfAwareness KimDavis
lol she wants America to actually help the refugee crisis that we created hahaha
URBAN legend ? In a tent ?
the way I was towards you was so selfless , but yet all you were was selfish . ironic
+ that judged and ridiculed people based on their outfits lmao . ironic hypocrite
10 seconds in to Do Your Job and there 's a sign on a desk that says `` obey the rules ''
- posts Q & amp ; A `` Learning about Climate change from Indigenous peoples '' same day Fox buys Natgeo -
Prep school route next for Dowling - basketball only prep school hires coach who was on a staff that cheated
`` As soon as you have a stylus , you 're dead . '' ~ Steve Jobs . Let 's see how long it takes the fanboys to start justifying it .
Fix The City `` LA 's Mobility Plan relies on outdated population data . '' I would say the same about their lawsuit
`` Men want their daughters to grow up tough , highly intelligent and independent ; things they do n't look for in a wife . '' LOLs truth
When you speed by a cop but they 're too busy on their cellphone to notice & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; ironic
Why does radio keep interrupting my music with an ad telling me they are no ads today ?
How can a Xenophobic Bogan talk about weak leftie views on human rights , you would n't get welfare without the left , you nob Syria
Spanish phonetics is easily my least favorite and useless class I have taken at VT , but it 's required to graduate
An excerpt from Summer Storms . ArtKNB floridamindset
TRT It would be very ironic if Assad ends up having asylum in Moscow together with Snowden . Russia
and then in their own meetings discuss the sorry state they are all in and the ways to get of this mess somehow .
Uber apparently cleaning up today while hundreds of cabbies walk off the job protesting against the service
Saw a 3 year Old Kid being force fed by his Kannada father to converse in English Kannada
Ya bitches bring up mah past more than I do
It really would n't be because its not `` urban '' , its `` urban legend '' which means a story .
Banks are telling Bloomberg ‘ We are trying actively , not passively , to get away from being your customers ''
What 's the best thing to get at 9 days from your birthday ? A FLU ! Damn yes ! ironic
ameyjwagh its not kinda coolIts extremely cool my boy & amp ; too hot as well
soon she will wake you up to see if you want sleeping tablets . helping
I did n't get on tonight , because I have an appt in the morning , and knew I would be on too late .
ICYMI Senate ad-hoc Committee on Power chairman says committee will investigate power outage at hearing investigating power outage Ironic
If you died four times in a row from being cocky and overextending , do n't proceed to call the TEAM useless . LeagueOfLegends
Need a taxi but they are on a taxistrike ... call an ! !
currently writing a paper ( due tomorrow ) about academic goals I have for the semester ; one of the goals being not to procrastinate .
- Alanis would approve Robinsparkles ironic
Make sense out of nonsense Ironic OnFleek
A smoker complaining about the haze is like a person complaining he 's overweight even he just finished a upsized BigMac sghaze
Went to the mall today and my boyfriend bought shoes ... I bought nothing ironic
I wonder how the It 's Always Sunny writers feel about the Stephen Collins epis . . .
and then you lost me . Always energy for a cake run .
Is meeting the man of my dreams and then meeting his beautiful wife ironic NowPlaying
How ironic is it for the state of Gujarat to have a Wild Ass Sanctuary . Seriously had a fit of laughter knowing this . IndianWildASS
Norwegian in Syria spots European FAC ( special forces ) in Syria leading US airplanes on target
i remember a delusion one time . craziest trip ever . my surroundings are what triggered it . ironic
Recently an article said late nights in advertising are n't worth it . Just remembered that while stuck here at the agency . AdLife
Well , life has a funny way of sneaking up on you , when you think everything 's okay and everything 's going right ... ironic paroleinmusica
Celebration of identity . Rejection from the family . ironic
When you leave behind no one left OnFleek
you do n't have enough money to get to ask them that question .
My medical check shows better results compared to when I first joined the company ! Ironic
Ugh . People and their subtweets .
and most who desperately need this satellite for education/business won ’ t be able to watch it
That Aramaic speaking Jewish fella who lived 2,000 yrs ago would n't even qualify under this approach ...
Ok wonderful so now is going to blame PTI for every allegation on him .
I am pretty sure if Steve Jobs was alive we would n't have got a stylus . Cuz who wants a stylus ? lol AppleEvent
People complaining on Hindi Imposition are Very Happy to Impose English on their Childrens and Aged Parents
The rule designed to protect catchers from season ending injuries has taken a catcher with a season ending injury .
Join in , we 're the second best . advertising funny ironic
Your over-reaction to this 'issue ' will likely give feminists a bad name . ironic really .
SOMEONE NEEDS AN EDITOR .
I often use `` lol '' and multiple hashtags ironically , but I 'm the only one who knows I 'm being ironic lol hashtag multiple
His name though ...... hahaha Ironic
That video is not available in Korea .
I did n't know I would ever come back to this exact place madeyhenewshere ironic bowie…
Spending all your money to look like money .
But wait- I bet you 'd never force yourself to come in while seriously ill. 😒
A rainy day for ScorchTrials premiere
I wonder apart from the unlimited healthcare and wealth keeps , our Regina looking so spritely . Marvellous .
Pretty sure nursing school is killing me when I 'm learning about how to save people 's lives ironic
Apple launch a Surface-Pro-style iPad . With stylus . edtechchat whatwouldstevesay
It 's abt Libs turning an eye to lawbreakers when suits them.But when it does n't , it 's a mob 4 punishment ironic M Perez
ironic Currently , we have in the Vaticano someone best suited to being head of the UN , whilst at the UN ...
George Christie hates rats . George Christie is a rat . HellsAngelsMC OutlawChronicles
Chocolate flavour + SF hazelnut syrup + coffee = amazeballs . Trying to destress after finding out I have high blood pressure
The boat claiming to be `` unsinkable '' sinks . satire RenameAFilmLiterally
StopUpdates & amp ; ReviseHumanity Recall Human Properties . An ant , bee or a rat never forgets its property . But Humans Can ! ! Ironic WhoRWe ? ? ?
People in Pakistan think that the Price is Directly Proportional to The Quality ! !
it 's been a while since I 've listened to music to put me to sleep . but tonight I 'm falling asleep on Halsey St. listening to
Some mainstream media articles are framed as for or against empathy . Any `` for or against '' framing , by definition , blocks empathy .
Tories Cut $ 11B from OAS but cut corporate taxes GoodToGo ? DontVote canpoli
My apartment came with a Chef , and with her she brought a scale .
Casper the friendly ghost is also a child.Irony
Love Patience Funny EV
The next iPhone will have buttons on the touch screen that will `` feel real '' ...
Chancellor petty ? Like signing a deal then not honoring it ... ? ironic
totally stole ur celebrity picks bit ironic
Gordon Brown . 'Hardie stood for what he believed even if it was n't 'popular ' with the establishment ' . Corbyn
This business class is gunna be the death of me ... 😮
the point I think is if the provos had not if murdered him the other 2 clampits would not have been at the funeral ironic
During CTV news a `` trust real journalism '' commercial came on . The next story showed a journalist kicking and tripping refugees . ironic
So I decided to get an espresso machine for my dorm room .... But now I ca n't afford espresso☕️
favoriting your own tweet calling me lame ? ByeFelicia
2. the way ordinary Nigerians who are the real victims turn around and support them is extremely sad
How to use + humor in contentmarketing . Top tip from at cmworld capturemyattention marketing
Double Nelson with no hits taken
Instead of banning alcohol in a Muslim majority state the law actually bans beef . Ironic JKHigh Court gone nuts .
As GoCOP21 trends worldwide & amp ; France ends export credits for coal , violates coal policy
As responsible investment PRIinPerson winds up poster asking defence Co.s 2 manufacture arms in India put up
Ahaha this is so ironic and was predicted 3 years ago ! ! ! spoton rottenapple
National Geographic abandons nonprofit status after Murdoch deal ironic nonprofit sad moneycanbuyeverything
the game is less than an hour away… but I 'm stuck in the service department with my car all morning…
Day off made up of mostly sitting on my pants and watching bottom pants dayoff productive
Classic drugs lsd
'Moral barometer ' huh ?
Heard an idiot on Metro this am complaining about refugees & amp ; immigrants in to UK . He ended with `` I 'm pleased I 'm moving to Spain ''
Y'all can thank me for the rain . My patio set showed up yesterday
I am the opposite of fresh right now freshers
ironic electriccar drunkdriving How does that save the world ?
Caught the same woman who told me butter is bad for me eating McDonalds .
As a camerawoman , it 's so ironic you got your fame on tape in the most disgusting way . I 'd prefer to stick behind the camera . PetraLazlo
Merkel , atoning for past , is threatening EU & amp ; throwing Germany 's weight about . Jews are 1st victims of Muslims !
Wow he cares about South African blacks , but not tapping on his white supremacy masters who actual own the SA economy .
Number 25 for take off at JFK . Pilot says `` at a guess 30 minutes '' ... I like his optimism 😄 weatherproblems JFKisamess jetblue
Complaining about social media via social media PT Ironic
I 'm doing an oral report on public speaking anxiety .
Ever notice that Ladbrokes is an anagram for broke lads ? ironic
speaking of horror show , it 's happening , would you believe on 31st October ... ironic
TheTakeOver LikeItOrNot rockin the new - had a pre-listen the word play is legendary cc esS
It 's bloody awesome , but I have to cover my eyes a LOT when watching Daredevil .
I left the Webster post office some time ago .. no notice ! Now I have a run out there and I have to verify with the post office ! !
who tickets the bylaw guy parked in a no parking zone ? ironic
Video : brags about his humility ( and questions the faith of ) Christian tcot
Tram strike in Melbourne today.Taxi strike too , to protest against the popularity of Uber ! Guess who benefited the most ? Uber ! Ironic
clearly . And Mark Zuckerberg is a Jew . much ?
my bandaid gave me a blister runnerprobs
YES ! ! After more than a year of lost in translation the English-girl has FINALLY experienced an English Muffin ! !
People clamoring for the closest parking spot at the gym .
Danm you ! You creator of great content , how dare you make me enjoy more minutes of it in one video ! youareforgiven
`` It 's meeting the man of my dreams and then meeting his beautiful wife '' Ironic
Raised Pedestrian Crossing streetphotography menatwork Phoenixville
2/2 .... those who died fighting tyrrany & amp ; oppression last century .. but Germany now offers a welcome : we sit on our hands .
🎶even Ur boo get another boo🎶 IronyHarrysong bursting my head with reggae blues
Fraser Foul play suspected
Cyber- stalking : cyberstalking funny
Even if her comment was harsh ... does n't the huge backlash kind of prove her wider point about sexism in the profession ?
One of my biggest pet peeves is people 's who walk slow ... Yet I 'm dating a sloth
now socks , I do n't know . That 's just fuckin weird beingadouche srslythough who
Professor Faith Pencil ... what a name for a teacher
The of having a lecture on wound care when you have a wound on your wrist ... Whoops Ironic OhNo
' I 've got nowhere else to go ... so that 'll be it for me ' Cairns fisher who catches bait to supply rec fishers
21 degrees outside in this indiansummer day and im in the office with a coat on because its too cold . ironic
So Mmusi he sees economical crisis in Mzansi while hs actually defending the white capitalism who owns the Economy
Ironic considering their capitalistic and gross profits on $ 5 cups of coffee .
Back in the days I use to see niggas hype bout the first day of school now I see everyone 's hype bout their kids first day of school Ironic
There is Ram in Ramzan , Ali in Diwali.And people r still fighting over hindu-muslim issue
: ) I 'll trade you - trying to chat online to in India - their connection keeps dropping ... ironic
the last thing u said to me was have courage . And I meant to ask you for you card but I was too shy ironic
Trending : PoliceBrutality Cops mistook tennis player jamesblake 's identity while looking 4 identity thief
airing her issues in public is as unprofessional as it comes . Double standards are OK then ?
Scotland , we invented the telephone and no one abroad can understand a word we are saying on it ...
right there
How to get completely sucked in by a piece from about writing 'How To ' pieces : marketing
Sexism Row Lawyer Defends Shaming Man In Tweet in her surname . She should be ashamed of herself .
I still have anxiety about being a patient in an audiology clinic ironic
It 's funny how it 's illegal to use cell 📱 phones whilst 🚘 driving yet the DOT erects signs that read : FOR TRAFFIC INFO DIAL 511 ! 😑
`` Kim Davis has chosen to use Limp Bizkit 's cover of 'Faith ' ... George Michael originally wrote the song , who happens to be openly gay ''
`` Let 's make a night to remember '' just played on the radio , gave me Olicity feels ❤️ and its by another Canadian . ironic
Dropped chocolate mousse all down my gym top 🙈
Bobby Jindal calling Donald Trump a carnival act .
yet here you are promoting it . ironic
IRONIC HORSES TO RETIRE FROM MORRIS LIVING $ HISTORICAL FARM HorsesLivesMatter
Fucking Armstrong Williams , former paid Bush admin propagandist who lied about it , on right now defending Ben Carson 's honesty .
When you 're watching a video about how the sales playbook is broken and the phone rings with a cold call classic
Because open relationships-although generally a healthier lifestyle-are still more taboo then cheating . Ironic
Ok ! ! ! ! ! M HigH ! ! ! ! ! ! art artist thought addict drink chai sketch what lol creative…
All men are cunts . ironic gofuckyourself whodoyoueventhinkyouare DOYOUTHINKYOUARE isaida ohhhhhohhhhohhhdoyouthinkyouare
Of course he was . ButNotReallyIrony cc
This article says it very well , but the comments are some of the best I 've seen ever ! ironic
Why is it that it 's easier to talk to married or attached women than the single ones ? missedtheboat nopressure
Data provider says that ascii-with-escapes is the de-facto method for sharing unicode data . Who needs UTF-8 iconv
The akward moment just now was I was complaining how bad the haze was while Im holiding on to my ciggarates .
Getting injections in my back to help back pain . Is n't that like lighting something on fire to try and put out the fire ?
Way the only Quiz competition with no questions or answers ironic win
throwbackthursday ● Work by ● Liverpool , UK .. irony whoamirony liverpoolstreetart…
So sad .. : D gym never drhouse drhousemd joke ironic keyboard comingsoon subscribe
LOL too good not to share - hard work , medication ! MayweatherBerto TMT TBE Boxing USADAisAjoke hypocrisy
So Hillary is PLANNING to be more spontaneous ... just think about that lol . GetADictionary election2016 emailgate Hillary2016
beet carrot apple mixed juice Made my dinner : ) feeling herbivorous lol food vegetarian
This song coming on during my hot , sticky , busy tube journey to work today ... slaves…
smurf awesome stuff mate ! Enjoy the holiday . I 'm in Bath tonight ironic
Oath keepers ? Protect Oath breaker😂
I ca n't figure you out , yet I know you better than anyone
. “ Ever tried . Ever failed . No matter . Try again . Fail again . Fail better ” inspiration InsideOut NeverGiveUp
Police : A WeHa man heading to court in Vermont for speeding ticket was stopped traveling 112 mph
narcos is wicked good is it looked cool and netflix makes really smart tv ... but got hooked bc it stirred up entourage nostalgia
Such a beautiful sky over an awful stadium .
But Duty of every other religion is to maintain Secularism , else you will be Beheaded by Religion of Peace
The fact that Bobby Jindal had to say this
Tell me about it !
Absolutely disgraceful . Thought you were smarter than the average AKB ...
Laying on a float in a pool sippin coors & amp ; listening to jay z 's `` hard knock life '' . Sigh ! ! ! ! irony
im not even really vegetarian its just easier than saying im a picky eater at 28 😂 most of what i hate is meat tho ; )
The ruination of the word `` irony '' is n't all Alanis 's fault . But she owns a piece of it . AlanisMorissette
Interesting that this graphic was done in 2012 .
If Steve jobs was alive he might commit suicide today for re-inventing the old stylus as Pencil AppleEvent Bruh : /
Pres Obama is going to admit 10,000 refugees from war-torn Syria , which I 'm sure conservatives will love since they 're `` pro-life ''
Gon na go see my girl ( camper ) play volleyball today .. against who ? Oh yeah antelope lol ironic
jamesblake James 's mistaken identity for an identity theft . identitytheft credit
😕Holy places are very interesting places - The poor beg outside and the rich beg inside .
On a flight , and the DirecTV unit wo n't accept my Mileage Plus Explorer card . ironic
I 'm in KSA , the desert , and it 's raining here in Taif . While Lebanon , the Mediterranean country , is having a sand storm .
On 1 hnd wrld is struglng 2 hlp migrnts and one the othr saudia arab 's king has booked whole hotel for his forth coming visit to US
`` They do their own malware research ... They run honeypots ... '' MIT scores worst in cybersecurity via
Oh the hilarity , ROFL… ! My tweet about not taking “ healthy ” to excess was RT ’ d by an acct warning abt the dangers of “ bad foods ” !
of gunsense false claims about suicideprevention is how much they ENCOURAGE suicide
`` this guy is boring '' coming from a dude with a foot pic and `` hello '' in profile .
On phone with AppleSupport . Does n't work . Put on hold . J . Cash comes on singing `` down , down , down into a ring of fire ... '' badomen
Beautiful composition of people !
Brilliant ! `` Artist depicts the most frustrating products imaginable '' funny art ironic
Am so enamored with TNW 's amazing sliding site takeover ads , I 've decided to stop clicking their links because too exciting .
So someone just lifted this box ? All the money that 's going into security these days yet this happens
This lady at an office I 'm visiting interrupted me for a work-related rant about how people waste her time .
If you send me a marketing email pointing out typos in someone else 's campaign , at least proof read your email and correct any typos !
A Tribe Called Quest inspired me to write raps . Their greatest hits , playing at the cafe , are distracting me too much to write raps .
Ok , so no bus but a train especially for us . derailed buizingen
On a semi-fast train to see old high speed rail buddies ironic
What if Chad really has a brain tumor now and that 's why he keeps blacking out ? days 😂
I used to until I became a children 's librarian & amp ; have too many new fall books to read sad ❤ Betsy-Tacy
Sarah Palin should do `` mature '' porn . I 'd take her more serious .
Going through old files and found this gem ! Oh Gov Blagojevich , such a great model of ethics
so many jokes ... To write on my iPhone
Apple before , who need big screens ? Launched Iphone 6 plus . Apple before , who needs stylus ? Launched Apple pencil .
LS lmfao ! ! No but bible quotes follows Ri ! ironic 🙏🏼😇😈
Charlotte Proudman 's expose of a fellow lawyer 's attempted LinkedIn compliment destroys confidence of a proud-man sexism
Incidentally , going by stuff has written , she 's probably a Corbyn supporter too
Geez , with all the money they make from confiscating cash for no reason during traffic stops , you 'd think they 'd be flush .
You are sad because you leave your kid @ school but you sure ai n't when you go out to the clubs every weekend . 2015parentjng
Having a drink tonight and remembering my brother Adam . He took his own life exactly a year ago today on WorldSuicidePreventionDay
jaredfogle talking about creeps from To Catch A Predator . fuckjared
using her sexuality ironic
All the spam profiles on are biblical names . ironic annoying letmeblockthem 10oftheclosest20
Religious tolerance concert banned from Nelson Cathedral due to Islamic content
More proof that 's are challenged : Oathkeepers send guards to protect the person who broke her oath
My parents once told me to eat all my carrots or else I would get in trouble . Now I have stomach problems
when i ca n't say exactly how i feel i dj and find the songs to say how i feel . igottamakethissoncry ... plus its funny
Thats Facebook deactivated . Far too boring now . 90 % of posts have no interest to me.Much like this post .
Oath Keepers 2 Protect KimDavis who failed her oath to perform her job ! Oh the … via
So thank you for your honesty , I see your true colors ! ; p
World Heavyweight Filibuster Champion , Mitch McConnell ? RT McConnell whines . cspan2
wouldnt assume research has any validity this type of bias in these data structures is overwhelming , req 's better research
Got mailer 4m infy 's csr wing soften about the stationary collection drive . Amidst this applepencil was launched ! destinydecides
im driving now as i type
darkness light shadow stil wall diffrence lookslike - good night 😴👀🌑🌎 by rmentar hamburg
aaaaaand you have sunk down to his level . Good for you . hislevel
Tbh I 'm already thinking about Christmas ironic
Spot the spelling mistake in 11+ letter from Good job the paper is marked by a computer ! ! ironic
in 10 years Harry Reid will be dead and Iran will have a deliverable NUKE to U.S. ontheconsciousofdemocrats
When you 're young you ca n't wait to look older and when you 're old you are dying to look young lifesnotfair babyface ironic
My statistics professor loves using the word sexy . MBA
I kind of feel this way about Twitter . In fact this tweet may be spectacular . spectacular brilliant
Oops , seems iv hit a raw nerve !
These American bitches talking about what fake is ! ! CBBUK
mcq someone noticed because you 've tweeted about it refugeeswelcome
Oh ! He emphasized on the use of Hindi , while 90 % of his pet projects are named in English . MakeInIndia
Memory is a most wonderful dwelling ; memory is a most painful dwelling.The Universe has a cruel , ironic wit . DailyMonica R. Ashbaugh
this programme is sponsored by and yet they drives UK Hunted
Congressman Busted For Cocaine Voted For Drug Testing FoodStamp Recipients Tragic Hypocrisy wtf fail
Being teacher centric is easier than employing what each of us knows about how powerful learning happens . ironic
For someone who has ass implants , Jenna talks about people being `` fake ass '' a lot ... CBBUK cbb
Last night I asked someone if they have a slack group . I realised this morning I should of been clear I meant the app slack
Times like this I wish I did Facebook so I could post stupid cryptic messages telling people what I really think
Here it is September 10 and my grass is at its best now . ironic nextyear
Wow ... THIS is the straw that breaks the camels back SoToSpeak TookLongEnough BetterLateThanNEVER coward
Bashar Al-Assad born on 9/11 ... He is making his people live a daily 9/11ironicSyria war Syrianwar september11
Anyone else find it ironic that Oath Keepers is flocking to protect KimDavis from being arrested for NOT keeping her oath of office ?
I think it 's funny Mayweather did n't wannafight Paq over steriods , and allegations pointing to Mayweather using them SMH .
The SCC develops precedent on the exclusion of participation at a public hearing , without a hearing .
First recruiting trip from the deep south takes me roughly 40 miles from my hometown . 219
unfortunately required by fed law . DE did not qualify for services b/c majority of schools under low yearly progress .
Hey : is this ironic ? !
Love seeing senior fmr Bush administration officials criticizing `` politicized intelligence '' on ISIS on Twitter today .
`` : UK bombs other countries , then moans that refugees from those countries come here ! '' Ironic : |
Born to be a superstar . That 's exactly what you are ... Iconic ! ironic
Most likely the only actual model who might own this shirt ...
Oath Keepers defending an oath breaker
We have Money 4 Bombs , to over throw Govt , & amp ; Nuclear aids but no funds 4 Food Aids- hypocrisy news world
Check out Google today . My brother did the Google Doodle to kick off the NFL season . Truly amazing
A free lunch just arrived at the office after I 'd already eaten . CC
( Is this one open ? I 'm on Univ . campus , so ca n't quite tell . )
Tony Blair has criticized Corbyn more times in a few weeks than he 's critiqued Cameron in five years in government .
. Atheists ought to LOVE the Bible ! It denounces religion more than any other text does ! IRONIC
Hey Getzlaf , look in front of you .... KingsOfCalifornia ironic nhl16 gkg
The Fantasy Football hater pimping on
Hub and now we look for fellaini to be our get out of of jail card ironic
: So u mean only 500 out of 5000 have an international audience thanks to their medium of communication being English .
wow , trump 's a fine one to be making presidential selections based on appearance ! ! ironic
Wish my last session would have been more entertaining . CMWorld
The iPhone 6s -Capable of capturing 4k video , Has a 720p display .. ironic apple
WOW ICONIC 45 % SOUNDS ABOUT RIGHT
MPs refusing to take the blame for anything they 've done sets a great example .. DomesticViolence
. ind But terror groups like RSS and VHP are allowed to not just operate , but control Modi sarkar Ironic
I won this at work . allergic ironic
Looks like all the off field issues of deflategate this year really bothered the Steelers . They did n't show up to play early
In the south , complete strangers will ask other strangers to watch their stuff when they leave for a few moments . ironic
TheStruggleIsReal trying to not to be distracted w/ football on TV so I can produce my own show to be on TV ...
Ca n't take you seriously if they ask someone `` Do n't you have no education ? ''
Oh myIrony is lost on the Ignorant
I take my VERY seriously B|irony davestrider davestridercosplay mlp mylittlepony homestuck homestuckc…
For the love of good Cold Coffee , I go to Chaayos . ColdCoffee ( via ) - LoveFood
hahah . Odd how I now have 3 barbershops in Spokane ironic
Two things I hate ! Thieves and cheaters ! But I love 🏈 ! So it 's the Cheaters vs. Steelers !
lmao it 's raining out and you 're full of energy ironic go to sleeeeeeeep
So romantic .. ) ) cigarettes marlboro fake legends romantic angels god toomuchirony…
The two starting RB 's are suspended for smoking pot together ironic
in this tweet is , might not have won in '01 had CB Eric Allen not cheated ... TuckRule TheRestIsHistory
Its so hot in Cali that I turned on the cold water & amp ; it was steaming hot ! So I had a nice shower with cold water that was burning hot !
Patriots seem pumped up for this game .
Like how the PatsNation are parading their 4 Lombardi 's in front of the Steelers ironic NFLKickoff
MOUSE POOP IN MY CHARACTER SHOES . THERE ARE MICE LIVING IN MY SHOES . FRAIDY-CAT SUICIDE WATCH ... squealinglikeamouse
THIS RIGHT HERE ! ! ! ! ! ! Too many decisions being made by too few people that can wait to conference ! nusnec ironic
Now , if that was the case , informing you would be a priority ... 😳 flood
Watching Girl : `` I just want a perfect body . `` Me : Gorging on an Egg , Cheese , on Itilian bread , Sub.Irony
My employer is the official airline of the Patriots , and Tom Brady is my FF QB .
rush01 thats alrdy in motion too - good eye . had n't really paid much attention to that . US spying will crush that last engine
Ex-union official says thoroughbred industry are blackmailers draytonsouth
Tonight I almost got hit by a minivan with a `` do n't tread on me '' license plate .
Thank you for debuting ft. on radio . Looking forward…
The absolute best would be if the Patriots tunnel deflated during player introductions .
CreeperForLyfe : jackieburnsnyc If it was you 're wedding day it 'd be ironic weddingday
Just played the Butler4 of Georgia southern in ultimate frisbee ! Ironic 😂😂
I know there 's something really hillarious about that . Ironic too , right ? Her BernieSuit just does n't quite fit .
I 'm also suicidal directly as a result of the same medical system that is so against suicide . chronicpain
working on the Lotus this weekend-and it 's supposed to rain.Seems fitting . reallynotreally electrical too .
Thursdays are the best . ProjectRunway TeenMom2 Watching realityTV to escape reality .
. challenges with not being humble enough , while Carson talks about how humble he is . ironic 7thdaylunatic
Funny Gilette stadium is offering the Bose coach headset experience . Guess that means the signal gets scrambled on a pivotal 3rd down
Just saw the new Grand Rapids puremichigan ad which features sky lanterns that some in MILeg want to outlaw .
A good rule of thumb when trying to find work you love ? Ignore all the `` good advice '' people give . ironic weknow
ironic how we need to always do updates for our tech devices but it in turn , it actually is making them obsolete = cashgrab
Poster in gift shop . Joey 's the man . reds instareds @ Great…
That last tweet works in 2 different ways , btw . That 's the quality content I give you . readabook suckmydick football
So we have JPS to thank for protecting the environment !
Too much in one post . Daming unhealthy post sa fb ngayon . Twitter muna .
Reading the comments on an opinion article and someone says : `` Get on Youtube and do some research . '' Youtube , the home of research !
we still see hearts . But what 's interesting is that , showcases ppl with the most hearts . ironic
Getting 'em all `` pumped up '' pre game . Hope Brady does n't `` air it out '' tonight . deflategate
Well , if this has one good effect , it 'll give those modest editors a much-needed ego boost .
the just came up on my Insta feed !
Would n't it be ironic if Chris Brown donated to battered women shelters . ironic
My city 's too turnt up I 'll take the fine for that .. Ha ironic
Love seeing my FB and Twitter feeds full of Steeler fans calling out the patriot 's quarterback for his moral standing
Oh the of catching a student cheating on a quiz about plagiarism . teaching Esl
I need to go . This is a ramen & amp ; sushi shop called NARUTO Naruto weeb life ironic 😂😂
Ahhhh the here .....
So the party proposing to legalize pot fires a candidate for being pro-pot ? elxn42 cdnpoli
Both teams starting running back is out for a drug violation that happened while they were teammates last year ironic cute PITvsNE
Growing up I do n't remember Thursday night football feeling so ... special . NFL
Only Jamaica would name a cricket stadium that is not being used after the greatest sprinter in the world foolfoolgovt
Update : Power restored ... All it took was one of the waitresses calling attention to the fact that there was no power ... ironic
We were born free , but taxed to death . taxes tax life lol realtalk PalmTreeENT MelazStillRising
Nashville is going to get a woman mayor and gay men will be happy . ironic
It 's ironic that on SuicidePrevention day my depression is @ its peak . I feel like I 'm drowning & amp ; I ca n't breathe . MentalHealthMatters
Actually hoping Brady gets hurt and misses the season
Jindal callingTrump a self-centered narcissist . clueless nevergettheVPnodthisway
The hypocracy . requires a 2 year contract with their new promos . They talk shit about , but they do the same shit .
TFTF - WithOUT the phone - you have my undivided attention ! haha Phonephobic generation -
Ironic NJ wanted CFerrell 4 Cesare & amp ; 2010 he `` aged '' out role ! I Prefer NJ 's script & amp ; Cast 4 S4 TheBorgias : )
is Elsevier crowing about `` donating '' access to editors , while denying access to most of its users
StupidBaba 's 😏
but they love D Rose ! ironic
Love to see the NFL blocking sports betting in Jersey and I get to see a Fan Duel commercial on their nationally televised game
America hates the Patriots . NFLKickoff
If Vanessa wins THIS particular HOH I 'll die lol ! ! BB17 bigbrother17
Just heard behind me `` Steelers cheat ! CHEATAHS ! '' potmeetkettle
love that you talk about how great the charge is yet it 's on the charger . ironic
Too much air under that one .
I shouldnt be here ironic
Clark I just burnt the banana bread I had in the grill , too caught up in this conversation 😂😭🍌
started following yesterday and you were a suggested `` follow next '' ironic
FYI We are visiting cheltenham next week . ironic were the frustration started .
tfl piccadilly line - next train in 13 minutes- Info says service is fine .
Seems to be getting it now , apparently she 's also commented on `` fit '' blokes pages boringcow
Drinking wine while watching drunk history
Why dont Aljazeera speak for Balochistan genocide by pakarmy ? double standard AljazeeraSpeaksForKashmir
And yet you still refuse to do it now . Ironic
You are going to wish you did n't say that when you read Today 's News.Ironic
Mujtaba , finally an Afghan with more than one name ! ! Afghanistan Kabul
like raaaiiiinn on your wedding day . 10,000 spoons when all you need is a knife . Free ride when you 're already late . ironic
Just saw a tow truck towing a tow truck that was towing a car . Oh the is strong .
It is my purpose to Love themPeopleIn all sorts and fashions . A blanket of Love ( `` Do n't smother them '' ) '' Ok . I wo n't ''
Why dont Aljazeera speak for Blochistan genocide by pakarmy . double standard AljazeeraSpeaksForKashmir
Have a day off and I 'm desperate for a lie in . I wake up before my alarm
Quite hard to leave a legacy in this era ... when people think it 's negated by yer death . moneyisalltheywant pencil
Indeed it looks like panic .
“ The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence . ” ~ Jiddu Krishnamurti
bet those bombs you 're going to drop cost more than 44M auspol
So , when I did n't agree with this person on the DrugWar , they blocked me ( from RTing their pro-gun comments ) .
Why dont Aljazeera speak for Balochistan genocide by pakarmy . double standard AljazeeraSpeaksForKashmir
An me Irish guy just asked me where I was from 'cause I have a funny accent . awkward
And i´m learning how program for Win 10 and for this I can´t downgrade . it´s a nice day ironic : s
clearly I do joke stealer .
Found comfort in being alone .
All these people talking shit about the afterseptember11 trend are the same ones yelling AllLivesMatter ironic
I wonder how many of the MPs who engaged with WorldSuicidePreventionDay will vote in favour of assisteddying ? supportnotsuicide
Why dont Aljazeera speak for Balochistan genocide by pakarmy ? double standard AljazeeraSpeaksForKashmir
Also , dont seem to see such moral indignation from many about anti-suicide campaigns being commodified .
I wrote a Long Story in 2 words ... HoooooooooooooodMorning Ironic OnFleek
How ironic .. That I 've just been to tiger .. Yet I want some tiger bread ? ? cryptic dazedandconfused
It 's not checkers this chess ironic
A day s nt far India may get divided in2 Modi India n Non modi India n may get worse lk ethnic cleansing accept and respect al views
Watch Clinton campaign collapse b4 yr very eyes ironic
I just saw a commercial for `` commercial free Hulu '' . Hulu
Things I hate the most , sits next to me ! ! ! irony Life
Why dont Aljazeera speak for Blochistan genocide by pakarmy ? double standard AljazeeraSpeaksForKashmir
Is n't it ironicDo n't ya think ? 14 years after 9-11 and GEORGEWBUSH is celebrating his finest hour and ...
Hate how much you rely on your smartphone ? Try downloading an app that will help you limit your phone use . Ironic
Harper and the corporatocracy he serves are the biggest threats to Canadian security elxn42 cdnpoli
`` Were I there , or any sane person ... '' challenged , BSC RWNJ MicheleBachmann is unintentionally honest ...
The word “ school ” comes from the ancient Greek word for “ free time . ” Irony
Live Coding now lets you hire a developer and watch them work in real-time - TNW Except on mobile-needs flash
Why is it that when I leave the east coast I start liking Billy Joel & amp ; Bruce Springsteen 's music ? ironic
he is spending patriots fans money at country club
Fun staff social event tomorrow ! ... I kind of want to call in sick . Not sure why I joined the social committee . introvertproblems
Communication specialist never replies on twitter
Catching up with & amp ; legend on FA cup weekend ironic goodomen
The of MP 's gaffe ? That lnp DO actually believe in climatechange ... no longer ignorance stupidity , actually malice !
For any BAN , PM Modi is questionable but for every fake stories , media/ liberals are not answerable ... Ironic
How is draftkings not considered gambling ? It has the same seedy look & amp ; feel of pokerstars . Instead of betting on cards , its players .
You are color blind and run a site called
News FIFA investigates now there 's a joke
More flags . Such garbage bush league football ! NFL CFL CanadianNFLZealots
And yet licensed techs and unlicensed assistants are always assumed , BY VETERINARIANS , to be the same .
Says the fuck stain that keeps repeating himself . Ironic
I do n't like Brady . But I do n't mind him spanking B.Roth . I find it ironic , you know , given all B. Roth 's PatsVsSteelers ironic
8 rts and 12 favs my favorite two numbers : )
While litter picking I found a BIFFA cap . BIFFA specialises in waste disposal . Ironic FAIL !
I was running out of characters ! Lol ! MINI
Feeling philosophical & amp ; sad this morning . Lost two people who did n't know each other but were part of my life journey - talk about
The US needs Israel 's nod at not just policy formation reg Palestine but also issuance of statements . And then Obama also wins Nobel
Why dont Aljazeera speak for Balochistan genocide by pakarmy ? double standard AljazeeraSpeaksForKashmir
State of the Nation !
Why dont Aljazeera speak for Balochistan genocide by pakarmy ? double standard AljazeeraSpeaksForKashmir
Midkiff wass yeah you can say Fuck but you ca n't reply to me fixPeri
Good morning ... Tonight I dreamed I was meeting how strange of me ..... 😉
I was given two Tiles last year.They ’ re supposed to prevent losing stuff.I lost them both before even using them .
The Washington Post Catches up to DaTechGuy Blog , 2 years later : hillaryclinton tcot p2 hillary2016
We have `` Electronic City '' in Bangalore however sadly we are suffering for 4 hours a day without `` Electricity ''
So I spend all my time wishing for a peaceful night from my 9mnth old n now I ca n't sleep when he 's sock on ! Mummy sleep ironic
You 'll all chant `` never forget '' yet do any of you honestly remember or are you aware of the details of that infamous day ?
Why dont Aljazeera speak for Balochistan genocide by pakarmy ? double standard AljazeeraSpeaksForKashmir
Is it ironic that the phrase `` stupidly intelligent '' actually makes sense ?
Going to class in gym shorts because I feel lazy . ironic
imagine giving a fuck what someone has Tattoo 'd on them , when you run a parody account of BBC Sport .
As was proved in Mayor election of BBMPIRONY JD ( S ) whose origin was being Anti Congress is with today
Joe let 's talk about the Iran deal & amp ; how great it is for this & amp ; other Countries while remembering 9/11 IRONIC
Schedule forced me to let New Yorker subscription lapse . Found issue on subway , with John McPhee 's essay `` What to Leave Out . '' MLIS
Cherry just sent me this ironic
Eagles fans booing Hodge for an off field incident ..... ironic potkettleblack drugs taintedpremiership AFLEaglesHawks
Time spent in travelling for work payable : ECJ I wud be a millionaire . Work Travel TweetFromTrain
90 Posting a tweet on a Celtic Page LOL
send me home having put my eye test appointment in the wrong week and I 've taken the day off . DontgotoSpecsavers
not sure you wannarun that uncommon man ad basically says the preponderance of men are scumbags . Sports Show
The worlds biggest arms suppliers are also the five permanent members of the UN Security Council . Hypocrisy
I see random bike parts in all the `` mini tent cities '' . ironic yyj
explaining us how works
New Title ! Jianguo will actually be speaking about Sound communication in Emei music frogs ! miscommunication
Says the most bigoted and Racist Support in Europe . is lost on you .
Climate Change Denier Rupert Murdoch Just Bought National Geographic
Punchy spin from the legend marketers `` How my negative review of Legend was spun into movie marketing gold ''
White people terrorize the world and it took a Black man to fix it
Some backbenchers saying `` bastard act libspill2 off the Gov'ts best week . Yes it was their first act of decency in 2 years . auspol
Chased up at GP suggestion today & amp ; it 's clear that an 18 week post-assessment silence is normal . Noservice Ironic DrivesMeMad
Rob Ford counselling on bad ideas TOpoli
Missed WorldSuicidePreventionDay binging on Longmire . ironyFor my big sister Julie . Miss you always ! 💜💔 .
Defn of = Announcement that Nat Geo wins UN 's top Environmental Award 1 day after its purchase by FOX
This is from two years ago ... Ca n't remember where I put 9/11 wristband I got at Ground Zero . ironic NeverForget
You really ca n't grasp the concept of when you call the left `` loonies '' , can you ? Roger Helmer , anyone ?
We watch television to escape from reality but those of us needing the escape ca n't afford the good channels
: Buying an iPhone 6s and singing along to one republics `` take that money watch it burn `` , BUUUUUUURN !
And I was born with French R to begin with .
Corner : UK ISP turns up on my Facebook timeline promoting its services - hey guys did n't you just have a major outage ?
An SUV with a love-themed bumper sticker cut me off on the freeway this morning
Each one of you snarky bastards owes Alanis an apology ironic
Most of the best stories on snapchat are n't on stories
I find it Ironic that is bringing the IranDeal vote to floor on Sept11 so can import nuclear Terror to US . TCOT
Sitting in my office singing at the top of my lungs to this oldschool track Ironic by AlanisMorisette now playing on KFM SechabaG show
Well it is Friday sheffieldissuper barnsleyisbrill rotherhamiswonderful ironic
The between Truth and FALSE identity acting as the truth ...
Yes we are that couple watching TV AL BUNDY about being marriedwithchildren
CrimeWatch actor that featured in murder reconstruction has DNA checked by Police over cold case
now that 's some
she only hated n64 coz of now hes on n64 she is
Watched one episode of Narcos and I 'm addicted .
Even better - it is a company that specializes in building responsive landing pages for high conversion !
but then he started going on and on about Smallvile . You know , another show when Green Arrow made his own TV canon . 😂
Still love that a party standing against Lab , SNP , Greens and SSP is called `` Left Unity '' .
can be defined as a group called the Oath Keepers coming to the defense of KimDavis after she was jailed for breaking her oath .
Women are so ...... simple ..... females complex follow wtf
sorry you 're right : - )
Video : Rehearsals are happening ! villain villainband rehearsals rehearsing singer vocalist ...
I hate being cold but I love ice
So ... This car can catch offences on camera . Care to comment on where it stopped at lights ?
So the anti government group is going to help keep her out of jail so she can go back to her government job ? ironic
I 'd say that this week , Apple has re-invented the SurfacePro with the incredibly beautiful IPadPro . Ironic
But believe in Adam & amp ; Eve ? ironic
3 FTII students on indefinite fast but all this CryBabyModi cares is satisfying the hunger for power of GajendraChauhan . Shame 😈
W/all RESPECT 2 911Anniversary I wonder if there 's an 2 this MayweatherBerto fight ! UnderDog
oh wait . I was wrong . No Dutton did n't admit to climatechange . That was as evidenced by the use of the word 'to lap'.boomgate
calm down , patience , coming soon
It is said Americans just do n't understand - thank you for the evidence !
Vacation time ! Bangalore Ironic Excited
‘ We can ’ t trust promises of ideological extremists . ’ says ideological extremist who promises to resign .
He always makes the difference
I love how can put up lots of lovely banners on streetlights but ca n't actually FIX the lights ironic
Ironic how having 100 dollars left in your bank account is the opposite of the 💯 emoji
Two weeks ago doctor told me to cut down seafood and alcohol . Now he says cut out rice . This man is killing me .
Sometimes in life if you love it you 've got to let it go ! girltroubles
`` any public accusation of sexism on the internet will generate a sexist response . ''
AmericanHistory Our start , that yearning to be free : burning witches , Enslaving Africans , killing natives
A good example of what is ! ...
That makes you a neo-con Islamophobe !
Guys ! Help me ! my bestfriend will stop smoking if I would get 10K RTs . RT for a cheap attention . 😒😒😒😒😒
So De Gea used Real for a new contract ironic 👀
“ Who wants a stylus ? You have to get them and put them away , you lose them . Yuch . Nobody wants a stylus . ” Steve Jobs , 2007 apple
Extremely ironic . notmyideaofbliss
A guy nearly walked straight into me because he was on grindr .
when u see this on gmail targeting startups , but u 've just experienced 6 months of delays & amp ; incompetence .
`` I ca n't hear the ethics presentation , I need to steal the speakers from the conference room . ''
because they strengthened through buying
Hey , can you ironically really include ironic and Trump in a tweet ?
Talk about ironyPeople are asking me for some love and relationship advice .
On this anniversary of 911 , another terror group has risen in Middle East & amp ; Al Qaida is potentially a solution to ISIS ' defeat .
. , tweeting insults at those who honor the fallen from behind a protected account . cc
Hmm Because leadership is being criticized from a male-centric , institutionalized lens ? Blindspot
my apologies Steve .
Ai n't that some shit lol
A woman just pulled out her own creamer from her purse in the middle of
Ha , I get it . It 's a Thumb drive ... ironic
My biggest is that the day I start seeing myself coming in shape , something happens & amp ; I get forced to take a break from gymming !
ridiculed by people using coal to run their electrical devices .
Having trouble sending a communication on network slowness , due to said network slowness
you thank ur voters in malay , but when they wannalook for jobs , u want them to be bilingual and be able to speak in chinese
. it seems to me KimDavis used her `` power '' to `` dictate '' who could marry . LGBT Marriage
Everytime PakRangers kill terrorists , later those terrorists are found to be MQM workers . Terrorist na ho gaye Bhutto ho gaye
Woman complains about spammy posts in a Facebook group then takes offense when someone asks her to stop shouting .
Interesting that on September 11th US Star DavidCassidy trends on twitter . What a fickle world we live in ..
What 's the odds that headsets go bad during a home game ? And they played PatriotsRadio over the headsets .. ironic
US When you run out of clean cups you use what you have available . Haha
MIT scores worst in cybersecurity via
Why do Nigerians say `` Idy come '' when they are going ?
Teachers financial security causes the decline in our education ? Compensation Consumes Public School Spending
love how half the photos from NYFW2015 in my feed are of clothes & amp ; half are of donuts
NeverForget Crane collapse in Mecca kills at least 62 |
`` Ahmed why did Allah do this to us ? `` `` I have bowed to him 5 times a day , fasted 20 months of Ramadan '' Mecca
Studd you forgot the again .
Unheralded : adj - `` not previously recognized ''
ulimate the only ep of VISITORS I heard on was the last in ( THIS hint hint ; ) ) now to ListenAgain from the FIRST one !
Another request from someone IDK without intro email , whilst sitting in inbound15 session about importance of context
Be with the times- Get social . Get modern . fridayfunny ironic socialmedia 21stcentury
Jon Snow - survives a huge White Walker attack , kills a White Walker ; only to be killed by his own men . GameOfThrones
Drove past Clean Slate Tattoo oxymoron ironic
Trying to find a ride as a person w/out a car ( or license ) while the listserv debates possibility of car-free environmentalist campus
4 You have n't won a bowl game since 2009 and it was against ECU who is in our conf .
wants equality but disrespects people
banthegays philipnormal homophobe moustache subversion usa pink neon @ Stockwell
Never forget ... Or maybe we should ... So we can remember Remember911 momentofsilence thinking of those lost
as dmu awarded him an honorary degree years ago sniggers
I love when Republican and Christian lawmakers get caught having an affair after theyve quoted the Bible for backing their decisions .
You just need to understand , Melinda . When us white folks do something bad , there 's always a reason . justtobeclear
You 'honor those we lost ' by cutting a deal with terrorists today ? ? Shame on you . irandeal NeverForget911
`` Oathkeepers '' head to KY to 'protect ' County Clerk who refused to uphold her oath of office hypocrisy
Yesterday I saw this Wumo cartoon . Compare to the 1984MacAdVideo See the ?
it was for an anti bullying video .
The first time I feel a real need to attend TIFF , and I 'm too busy filming to go ...
Tragic that a self-proclaimed feminist supports Islam . Must be deranged . Quran ( 9:123 ) Quran ( 8:12 )
The of my husbands terrible brother and sister in law are having a baby and it just happens to be due on my birthday devilsdue
How will BigData Storyteller `` ArtificialIntelligence interpret `` Brutus is an honorable man ? '' and humor .
Was obviously way too far to travel from Syria anyway ! Other neighbours declines as well SaudiArabia
Today is both WorldSuicidePreventionDay & amp ; NeverForget911 . Is it then worldsuicideattackpreventionday ?
Pro-government candidate says privatization of email better because the govt is insecure .
what about `` God Hates us all ? '' Released 9-11
Later that day , some freshmen broke thermometers in the auditorium so we had to evacuate the building for hours . WhereWereYou
but ... they will gladly surrender to neo-liberalism & amp ; assault on privacy
My Calc Professor is awful at arithmetic ironic
Ever wondered why is `` Abbreviation '' such a long word . ironic
HS Senior Year . Just left AP Government ( topic : US Relations Abroad ) . Walking into homeroom with the school buzzing ironic WhereWereYou
- Nothing like using capitalistic advertising to spread communist dezinformatsia ; )
No caption needed . ironic
the woman who taught me Spanish had to brush up on hers ? ! : )
... Oh the
Just had to go in for a blood test and bad blood was playing on the radio . Hoping that 's not an indication of my results .
Ever notice that girls that use the term `` fuck boys '' actually share the same characteristics as fuck boys .
. might have been click baiting ... inbound15
Alabama 's new education standards praised for being pro-science
As a kid I wanted to stay up late every night . Now I just want to get into bed as early as I can . old 😴
Sometimes I tell the truth and pretend that I 'm telling a joke .
I ca n't believe I 'm going to cancel my unique toys preorder of octane for the KFC one . That my friends ... Is
. sues to bar disclosure related to its own flaws
`` The Bridge of Freedom is closed '' snicker
Just drilled a co-worker with a stress ball . Now he 's angry .
Ai n't it weird that they 'll assume anti-Trump = pro-Bush , but overlook all of Trump 's history as progressive Democrat ?
Instructor who preaches the most about our negative impact on the environment gives the most handouts 😐
Funny -- '' it 's the end of the world as we know it '' comes to mind every time I think of donaldtrump REM
More rain right now from `` dissipated '' depression grace than previous Tropical storms haiti 😳💦☔️ we needed rain
If you introduce homeopaths to a tiny amount of common sense guess what happens ?
My environmental science professor just gave me about three trees worth of paper
The last human at work , I briefly linger to listen to `` The Last Man '' on radio . ironic goodmusic TheFountain ClintMansell tgif
they died Mecca on 9/11 ? conspiracy
switzerland Ca n't spell god and idiot , mentions sarcasm .
just so fitting one of the fake'ist housemates ever gets booted for a fake eviction cbb
No Paan leaf found , so a Bitter Gourd leaf was used for the home Mehndi event.Karela
The saddest , most ironic ad in the history of print . 911 nyc
Try to teach yourself how to relax has got to be one of the most stressful things . ironic
That one time when a vegan bike-riding home-brewer called me a hipster notahipster
Tony Jantschke 's shot just then had less pace than his backpass that lead to the goal . ironic
Apple just admitted Microsoft is right via apple Microsoft ironic tech science computing tablet
Non-Corbynite tweeps going on and on and on about Corbyn Ironic
Sexism row barrister wrote 'vitriolic ' email to her elderly grandmother & amp ; changed her name to Proudman ? ?
When you come to HR class late in the 1st week because you were busy bartering for the textbook and class is discussing punctuality😅
Well at least it 's sunny ! And also I am going to an Irish fest w/2 of the 3 red heads I know ? LOL !
THEY 'RE BOYS ? band ravenscroft lol
So the OathKeepers are vowing to protect a woman famous for breaking an oath to support the Constitution . LikeRainOnYourWeddingDay
Man who looks like this is making derogatory comments about my looks . Ironic
who 'd have thought when I tweeted this back in March that I 'd correctly predicted they all got 1 seat . gutted
At a law office .
`` I have noticed how a younger wannabe older , but then the older could do anything to be young again '' nice 1
CNNDebate Perry out . Kiddie table down to 4 . They get 1 1/2 hrs , while the main 11 fight for time . Ironic
Story of 2 Tea Party legislators who had an affair & amp ; got expelled has a pro-family ad by
`` Get mad I do n't fcking care . ''
rainbow seen over ground zero 14 yrs after tragedy , freak storm over Mecca causing tragedy on anniversary !
Today I learned about renewable energy from ... an animated monster truck ? nannylife
Sports Talk playing the COW-boys you hurt your CALVES ... is this
Barrington Ca n't quite work out if that 's a compliment or a dig .
Workload is killing me , talked to my boss . Ended up with a 30 minute lecture ( that ended at 5:15 on a Friday ) about time management .
There are noshortcuts in life . My guy says `` so .. I found a faster way to get to get there ! `` 😁
Corporate Yes it is reasonable but slightly ironic and a tad hypocritical
Gogglebox saying Stephen Fry should 've been lighthearted when they were discussing refugees 10 minutes ago .
you are proving his point . Not all LDS people are stuck up close minded snobs . Maybe you should be more open minded .
Do n't you just love 'indirects '
not a single hint of
To whoever coined the term `` common sense '' : I like your sense of
I 'm told you 're one of the biggest bully 's on Twitter youwontwin
Today 's A1 is a photo from Macedonia ap refugees migrants therecord news
IT had to get back to me .. his system was running slow ! ironic
Kidding right ? A CrimeWatch reconstruction actor is now in the line up as a suspect
is when you want to quote a Fast Co article about anti-smoking campaign , Truth , for class , but the article is written by Beer .
When I am in my home country am I & lt ; caveat & gt ; -American . Every other place on the globe I 'm just American . Is that ironic or paradoxical ?
Arrived fashionably late thanks to the fireworks and the illuminations traffic the starters just ended ironic
RT tee Big yansh `` : 32 ) What 's one part of your body that 's always getting compliments ? ''
Saw my first TRUMP bumper sticker.On a Hummer . Go figure.irony
Worth the read . goodshit whatisindie indiefilm ? ?
Did a Mormon guy in this film really just say other people are closed minded .. ?
I just love so much these days where it seems that everything is going the wrong way .
Lass on Gogglebox complaing a TV show was staged ? ( Camera pointing at her in her living room ) Hmm ?
well , there would have been no on 9/11 unless you refer to 911 number . But , for this to happen there , today ....
After a discussion about how I hate modern imagery in tarot , one of my patreon reward sprites is a flying car depiction of The Fool .
the fact that Liberals support doing business with a country who has a REAL WarOnWomen
Former Super Eagles midfielder , Austin Okocha is Delta State Football Association Chairman and Warri Wolves players are owed salaries .
Fuck Islam ! ! ironic this happens to Muslims 9/11 worldtradecenter twintowers pentagon flight93 payback usa
I 'm anti-social in social class . Ironic PlsTalkToMe Lonely AntiSocial
My weekend homework : 40-odd pages of research on the neuroscience of migraines .
Could n't have said it in a better way.irony
When class devolves into conversation about the harms of technology , but you 're told to tweet during class ... cntv101 pretentious
Sure . Especially since I do n't actuallyoperate like that .
When you look up you get my Young Israel newsletter saying it created separate Men/Women entrances in the name of Achdus . Seriously .
When someone has been stood up in the bar and the next 2 songs on the playlist are I Will Always Love You remix and I Will Survive Ironic
Comparing September11 responders to an alQaeda attack to WhiteHelmets - supporters of alQaeda
Thanks Rocky . Glad you and your cat is having a good moment . Hope it does n't make you too depressed ! ; )
An in Jerusalem
Ironic Since Davis 's overlong 15 minutes of fame is all about her breaking her oath of office .
Temp so hot ( 106F ) caused wildfires , wildfires caused screen of smoke , smoke blocks sun , temps down to 90F .
yes I will
I would get caught in the rain while riding a bike and wearing a bright orange `` Sun For Your Life '' t-shirt
Quasar Then justice overpowers the overpowered evil
Professional `` trend forecasters '' are the canaries in the coal mine of any actual trend . chaosmagic normcore healthgoth
This ca n't possibly get more ironic - gets fired off anti bullying movie after DearFatPeople goes viral ! WhatGoesAround ...
Good job fans ... chant USA against a team made of mostly Americans BlueJays Jays DoesntBotherUs
It had to collapse on 9/11 . God has a twisted sense of humour.irony
do you mean that ?
its ironic that the guy IN Texas .. wont recognize DonaldTrump s appeal to rednecks cnntonight
Owen telling Corbyn to get a `` broader coalition of support '' if he wins . considering he is often the voice of all on the left on telly
When the girl in the book your reading is reading the same book your reading in English Class ironic
And they 're the bad guys .
Hmmm buck showalter pissed off someone threw at one of his sluggers .... BlueJays
Why the Web Wo n't Be Nirvana
Life is not that binary . Or is it ? thoughts redundancy
hey ghost remember when you were giving shit for using top 18s ? Welcome to the top 18 club ! ! 4👀
Good to see that 6 months later the word of the day is still stickability uncon15
From his BLANK Head Ranch , of course .
so is saying `` inclement weather '' can have an affect on a piece of equipment hypocrites
What ? News Ltd reporting on phone illegality ?
I KNOW RIGHT . ironic
6 hours to produce a great 14 second GIF . 10 minutes to produce a crappy 500 word email .
When you 're binge watching `` Friends '' on Friday night because you have no friends . ironic
`` No , no thanks . Smoking will kill ya . '' StonebirdgeIsms StrikeBack Beautiful
The of going to a concert while still recovering from strep ! dontworrymedicated dedicated ironic
You could n't get into a school you 've been a fan of since you were 3 and I 'm dumb ? Like I said enjoy a crappy season
Read all about it .
Artificial Band ROCKS ! Like your favorite eighties hairband ironic humorous via
Street Church is involved = entire thing was trumped up . Their comms plan is always to play the victim card .
The 51 limps down pit row with on the damaged quarter panel . XFINITYSeries
One ironic bit is that DonaldTrump would never be beautiful enough to be in such a contest . ugly inside
Harry is so active on twitter these days ...... irony
Just heard an ACLU lawyer say “ you can ’ t wander too far away from the reservation ” describing Home Rule laws in Ohio .
After reading the details , has a new definition .
RT markschlereth : Smart people work out front also . You 're comment is like saying Steve Jobs or Bill Gates is n't smart . That 's stupid
Just saw a guy with a `` how 's my driving call 1-800blow me '' bumper sticker rear end someone .
Donald Trump has committed every gaffe in the book and he 's polling No . 1 while `` oops '' cost Rick Perry everything in 2012. oops
When me and patel10 are working on school papers and they 're both about famous people and concerts 😍😂 ironic typical truefangirls
The things that annoy me most about my children most often are the characteristics they acquired from me . parentprobs
and he 's an exclusive .
Big Picture : The simple life on tour - Times Colonist
Also a friend I used to play with in ACE inquires about joining the day it closes ... OOC
How 'celebrity ' took over the Republican Party DonaldTrump ironic
Prediction : Rick Perry gets a bump in popularity after his campaign withdrawal speech .
Apparently the food of choice for the canes equipment guys are oreo 's nhlprospects
. you 're a natural on BodyTalk 👏👏👏 👯 lostnfun
LOL any time . and I am pro drugs in this circumstance .
Props to for playing `` Thunder Roles '' by for a lightening delay at the game ! ironic
radionz 0724,8Sep librarian tlkg abt book ban+she said `` wasnt a gap I felt I needed to fill ... '' warped ? ironic
At yeg whatthetruck , a street food vendor festival and I ca n't find the one thing I 'm craving , a hotdog .
footloose Ren said the book they wanted to ban was a classic . response was Tom Sawyer 's a classic . Now Tom Sawyer is a banned book .
I tried doing homework in Barnes & amp ; Noble , but the internet slowed down at the last minute . Now , I am literally forced to be on twitter .
A highly literate grammar dance . through Oedipus : oedipustheking oedipus grammar
MacD with a photo from Heat magazine ironic
It sucks so bad when everyone is texting you except for the one person you want to text you . Lol
NFL learned lesson ! Headphonegate was `` entirely attributable to an electrical issue made worse by the inclement weather . ''
I wore my black funeral clothes to a nursing home today ... Hehe😈irony
funny thing is , every guy does that but apparently in women 's heads , we are either creepy or not ur type . ironic
Interesting how the majority of your `` real '' friends are not there we you need them the most ironic notsurprised firsttwitinages venting
Jeremy Clements sticks in the fence . Sponsor :
I 'm on a bus idling in traffic because of a pipeline protest .
Exhausted from inbound15 but need to stay up until midnight to change to earlier flight . Come on , I 'm tired ! homesick
Americanflagplate w/ freedom on it also has a decal Hillary2016 . ironic Emails Calais Benghazi Liar NoClue
= protecting KimDavis an oathbreaker and enemy of the 14thamendment
I move into place so I can use my computer but now my screen is dark ... hahaha omg the
PPP and Zardari family makes the Sharif 's look good .
A man in the Dorchester filming the crowd refugeeswelcome
Odd reading twitter conversations where one party has blocked their profile a practice that is the height od on socialmedia
`` Trump campaign hat spotted on hipsters from Williamsburg , Brooklyn & amp ; Los Angeles '' fashion
That 's the spirit : demonstrations ! ironic
Oh meatban this time its religious and political , last time it was on fear swineflu,4 some MNC benefit
`` This is a forward-facing situation . '' Diane Abbott channels Blairspeak .
the GOP talk and actions fall under the definition of a `` terrorist '' in the PatriotAct and should be treated as such .
LadyGardenCampaign jumper is on it 's way 😝 😂 whatdoyoucallyours
Given Corbyn has spoken scathing attacks on the media , a part of me is surprised the media are broadcasting them ironic labourleadership
ironic the $ 9.99 shirt is now only $ 4.99 jokes haha Wrestling WWE
By between the miles alanis ironic song songlyrics brushlettering lettering handlettering calligraphy gold…
I wish would fully release there album to I try to get music legally but ca n't ...
When reading article about publishers battling ad blockers and an ad tries to redirect me to a toilet game in App Store
And the crane was contracted by the bin Laden family karma
Ah that 's why the us fought the vietnam war😨👍 protect corrupt politicians ironic
my best friends are borderline alcoholicsim allergic to alcoholirony
Passed a billboard for on way to O ’ Hare that had a cheezy stock photo paired with the words “ Be Authentic . ” Ironic CMWorld
iPhone 6s plus ordered with . Did some free user research for them- their ordering system does n't work with Safari !
An ad by on
oh wow . The thing is they take so long to get in to .
Boutta make it rain on this ACT
Eric Bibb . This dude . Not one cellphone popped up during his set ! exceptmine @ Sisters Folk Fest
The audacity of some in pointing out ignorance when they 've been in the dark for sooo long .
in the same way that critics think they have opinions too ?
The of this happening on 9/11 nineeleven : They asked Allah to call them to His house , Allah replied , why only my ( 1/2 )
Tom Watson and the word `` humility '' in the same sentence . ironic
Listening to Deep Focus music to try to be focussed while studying and ends up falling asleep ( deeply ) . ironic
IRONIC NeverForget 107 dead after crane collapses on Grand Mosque of Mecca
No scientific basis for learning styles . Horn IT
The men win . The white men . How representative of the country the leadership of the parties is . not Ah well , it 'll be interesting .
When the Daily Mail , Sun , Cameron etc come out to discredit Corbyn . You then know he is the right person to lead . labourleadership
Ivanovic 's 60th consecutive EPL start for chelsea .. But yet still yaanom dey bash am .. Grateful fans tho
It was fucking suicide prevention day yesterday and I 'm this fucking close to killing myself
I always find myself in epic arguments after some of my most productive nights
Ah well might as well get with the mood . All power to the Soviets ! ! ! irony labourleadership
Biting the hand that feeds you generally does n't work out so well . cutoff youshallnotpass accessdenied sugarmamaout ✌🏼️✌🏼✌🏼
Superannuation ad jingle : `` Do what you want to do , be what you want to be - yeah '' Forced retirement does n't sing from same hymn sheet
vincent They may well have applied the final nail in Yvette 's political coffin . LabourLeadership
Mecca BBC Report Blackburn Tour Operator `` The storm was Biblical '' accepted ISlam WhosTheDaddy ?
I 'm sure all you refugee loving celtic fans cheered when he scored hypocrisy
Refugee rally good turnout today tho looks to have squuezed out all the homeless from state library grounds in melbourne
anuradha anna is evangelist herself.She has problem wid even biblical names veroinca used by film makers ! bigot
iPhone6s preorder complete ! When I used Google Chrome instead of Safari , I could check out just fine .
GCHQ is giving out advice on how to set a good password - haha
Kings of Leon - Use Somebody comes on during shuffle mode np ironic
I ask myself : When `` extends '' becomes an anti-pattern ? php antipattern
People from MSM complaining about MSM 's inability to cover Northeast .
haha Idk I think Spring Lake School would be fitting for something so childish
journalism at it 's very best ironic
yAAAAAAAA sat and fri are hated by me now ironic HAHAHAHA
What Do You Think Bout ProVerb 's ReadTape
So ironic that one part of this country is worshipping it 's animals and others are killing it just for pleasure
UCL Final will be held at Giuseppe Meaza and none of Milan 's club are competing in that competition ironic
Could end up with a Labour leader campaigning to leave the EU and Conservative one campaigning to stay in corbyn
This is the truth . And they 've been asking from the start . funny shopping marriage
~ Their timing was immaculate as always .
True : when I 'm in a car or walking . False : when I 'm on a bike .
the best was tonight at the game Yankee fans were saying steroids as he rounded the bases .
No speed limit and bumper-to-bumper traffic ironic or an alanismorissette song ? mercedesbenzau…
It 's funny how all you do is be nice and care , and that still is n't enough . hypocrite
i dont know myselfand i dream of being famous : Dirony
If only Chelsea had someone like John Stones at the back
All those Holocaust deniers , the hot water is on the left , have fun ! Ironic
My man talking about farmers rights is like Army talking about democracy . Ironic Maybe MaybeNot
Do you think it 's too soon to maybe say Maureenho is becoming a specialist in failure ? 😈 Ironic
weird ... that 's what the GOP Establishment said about Romney in 2012. ed
we trust them with all our money and they ca n't trust us with a $ .50 pen so they chain it down ?
Photo from a while back auspol
first of all , have some self awareness
no mention of remembering 9/11 from Capt America ? NeverForget911
JDrummond Simmys Best one I ever got from dead cart was an air freshener ironic
Scrap booking my AUS trip and comes on .. `` It 's all coming back to me now '' ironic coincidence ballingmyeyesout
well yea . Ironic nice for a month . Rains on the weekend/Bills & amp ; then Mon - fri beautiful only in Buffalo
Four camera shoot of people shooting . geekout @ Waunakee Gun Club
It 's been 15 years since bought this book . gettingthingsdone stillinwrapper
Looks & amp ; sounds EXACTLY like the United States - ? ? muslim SCHEME & amp ; blacks in USA ! UNCrimes
we 've sung it since 1975 since being cheated out of European Cup . ironic
Edwards sin binned for not using his arms in the tackle against Nick Williams
Are united fans really singing a song to the scousers about a slip that gifted city the title ? ironic moronic
Needed an Amish teenage girl 's help with my technology at a store in Strasburg , PA soccerweekend
Top 20 at least ; )
bhagat Heights of A Punjabi is telling to not to eat Chicken or any sought of meat .. meatban Bullshit BJP
Still have n't finished reading `` Getting Things Done . ''
Corbyn 's success has resulted in people , who work in banks & amp ; multinational firms , celebrating , calling each other 'comrade ' Labour
😏 barely got away from opd last night ... but boy were they waiting for me this morning 😂 blurped 2 blocks for mi casa ironic
Tulo getting hurt against the Yankees ? ironic
It was all fun and games until she had no sense of humor . ironic
Overheard at refugeeswelcome march : `` Something needs done to stop Syrian civilians being bombed '' followed by `` I 'm happy Corbyn won '' .
the new generation fights are gon na be rap competitions nor `` street dancing '' ironic
Wasnt there a time when selena gomez said she was going to retire from singing ? Lol yeah that was as successful as jb 's retirement
Remember that time , 2 Friday 's ago , when Auburn thought they were good and hated on Alabama for not having a qb ...
Lemon rosemary turkey & amp ; kale eggs with a clementine .... this is after my morning working & amp ; green smoothie of course BreakfastOfChamps
Crane that Fell on Mecca ’ s Grand Mosque Killing 101 Belongs to Bin Laden Family Karma ThinkAboutIt
Chesters a shit hole I want to go home ironic chants
Romney is more conservative than Trump .. and he 's still a moderate
The cop that just opened my car door was the same cop who gave me a ticket years ago ... ironic
laura yes great movie ; that line is said by Charlton `` from my cold , dead hands '' Heston guns nra
ironic how Windows forces you to separately install all the Windows 7 updates you wo n't need before it installing Windows 10 qualitycoding
What 's this big fuss over meatban ? Tarzan ate meat all his life andwas still married to a Jane
Left her home coz of the people who too follow Quran !
Looks dry . ironic 😭
Are you saying she should `` migrate '' ? lol
RefugeesInToriesOut march in London breaks up . Everyone walks past a homeless man without a glance . No loose change today .
The smell of hospitals make me sick ! ironic
Full disclosure , I had to to read the article , ironicCrawford Announces App for the VisuallyImpaired
I agree whole-heartedly about climatechange . But change means all of us , including FEWER plastic kayaks .
This awful cold can go away . ihaveacoldandiliveinflorida
Anyone called the phone number on the traffic light post , on the left ?
Interesting new blueplaque celebrating a famous boyband incident in 2005 & lt ; tweet contains
Just got an awful knot out of my stellaanddot necklace after years of it being there . ironic
Most ironic tweet of the day ? UKIP MP calling Labour looney lookinthemirror
Here 's the current winner as he 's told he won the leadership election 😈
Where has manu spent €300 million ... Ca n't see it on the pitch ... Team almost the same when Moyes left BPL
Please tell me this is a wind up ? BurtonBrutality
Unreal ! RT : MIT scores worst in cybersecurity via
So Saudi is ready to fund and build mosques for those refugees moved to EU/ mainly Germany .... Ironic refugeecrisis EUROPE Syria
oh the
These things are brilliant for getting into blister packs - guess what I need to get at it ?
best part is they sing about SG handing in a transfer request forgetting Rooney has asked to leave about 315 times already
“ : Mecca crane collapse ` act of God ` : Engineer Elections AcheDin Politics ” .
How annoying to have to go find internet service to pay your home internet bill . notfunny superannoying
How can you say `` work hard & amp ; get ahead '' but then give job at instead of someone that was `` working hard '' to get .
bigger fan of Katty , but yknow they hate each other right ? Ironic
Should Stokes really be complaining about arsenal roughing them ? wuss ARSSTK
Me with the Saturdays on a Saturday
OathKeepers offer to kill cops who try to stop KimDavis from breaking HER oath of office to uphold Const
Spend all week hoping for dry weather for legoland trip only to queue up for rides on which we 're going to get soaked .
It seems I will be sleeping on my floor for the next 2 weeks thanks to Beds 😔
Lol says the idiot that copy 's and pastes everything then repeats day after day . McCann
A devout believer in 1 faith supporting an atheist against a believer in another faith .
StopIslamophobia ! Support Brussels 's and Mutti Merkel 's multticultarism in the EUironyEC protects YOU
Got this at ulib nofootballteam SaturdayStudying
So the only way to stop refugees is to bomb where they are fleeing from in the first place .
Of all the signs I could skid off the road and smash into it would be this one
Anita was looking far more beautiful than Athiya
Those people are criminals . While their prisons are full of murderers , pedophiles and rapists solidaritywithrefugees
The supporters of KimDavis suck at spelling but . . . They Got it ! SupportKimDavis DoYourJob
is when you1 . Have a son2 . Marry a feeble parent nicknamed `` the ant '' 3 . Nurture a feeble child4 . Get dumped for acting like a wimp
lungs You miss my point .
Strangely it 's the word I 'd use to describe you as a player mate ; )
Distant neighbor to soberlivinghome : `` Are the residents [ in the home ] allowed to wander the neighborhood ? '' while taking a walk .
ok , I said that BR is not lying because 'HE ' believes what he is saying ! Just have a think about that ! irony
NFPW15AK Exhausted laptop 's battery . Old-fashioned pen , paper will work 4 social media world
funnily enough Andy is the only one who came from working class ironic
Biggest of the european anti-Islam hate movements is many SyrianRefugees are secular and are fleeing the Islamic fanatics .
' I help people right here in this country . But I do n't brag '
Bret Bielema ripped OSU for their schedule and his team is struggling with Toledo .
Meanwhile , in Serbia money politics wenching ...
jarrah are calling everyone else fake yet have probs spent 200k between them on shite plastic surgery americansdontgetirony ironic
Marc actually does n't talk trash about anyone . This post however is very unprofessional
Examples of the type of art currently being destroyed by ISIS . beheaded tragedy syria
D.C. State Fair Features MARIJUANA Growing Contest . NationsCapitol
Steve Benson , you know , pleading for professional advice . politicalcartoons
Shmaltz Brewing tribe stirring it up before East Bound Jesus @ The Hollow Bar + Kitchen
Wait Facebook has its own Twitter ironic
The 'good ' guys not being so good .
It 's raining during Blind Melon 's set ... 😼 90sfest somewhereinbrooklyn
The way the Vandy QB just celebrated that 2-point is why I hate lefties .... ironic
Oh i know .. TrueStory Quotes Life Wisdom JustSaying Fact Ironic IKnow
Last night of the proms . Rule Britannia sung by a German and the orchestra conducted by an American . LastnightoftheProms
Could this be the fight loses to and nobody watches it ? mayweatherberto
Amazing sunset tonight after looking at Turners earlier Ironic Sunset sunburst Saturday Weekend…
Ironic that the night on which I usually feel most patriotic is the night on which I least want to ... lastnightoftheproms JeremyCorbyn
A Girl Will Convince Her Friend To Do Some Thot Shit , Than When They Stop Being Friends Dog Her For The Shit She Convinced Her To Do
Always fun discoveries in the quarter ironic figurinesintrees horns…
If only money grew on trees PoeMansDream
Is there NOTHING that ca n't be made ironic by Brooklyn ?
Nothing burns like the cold .
Liverpool is the best team in the EPL for the season 2015/2016
like ours are against hers ?
TD and 2 others good so it 's 28-17 with 2:51 to go . Last season Hobart won 28-18 d3fb
The hipster Barbie insta is soooo ironic and yet I ca n't stop laughing
Years ago for RealSports , went to Italian Open to interview serena and Venus . Now looking at All-Italian USOpen ladies final .
`` Britain never shall be slaves '' sung in Tory Britain .... By a German . Erm ..... bbcproms
😂 Corbyn supporters celebrate his victory with champagne ! Lol , very much in tune with socialist views .
A spokesman complaining that `` the truth counts for little ... '' .Payback is a bitter pill ?
`` Go have another baby by another man '' . pot kettle 😒Stay classy , , you childish tragedy.CBB CBBUK
yeah that was soooo funny and professional .
Indians fight over meatban & amp ; hindu/muslim . where Amir Khusro used persian and brij bhasha in one sher
Dick is a really nice guy , but his wife Joy is a complete bitch .
On the bright side ... we showed character ironic LFC
But we can cope !
Always wanted to let the world know how strong your ironic hat or tshirt game is ? Well the wait is…
There is a reason I am good at these things because I learned them from you ! True
. Obama handed his FP mess to Merkel .
Ramen Lunch . As you can tell I 'm ironically an Asian who does n't know how to use chopsticks .
I ca n't be the only one who sees the massive in an oil pump being run by a solar panel gogreen
Church street has so many clubs
`` This Page Intentionally Left Blank '' ( and this one had stuff on it ) fail justdontincludethepage
So I 'm taking and antibiotic but still have a sore throat . forserious
California approved assisted suicide during `` Suicide Prevention Week . '' ( September 7-13 ) What do you think ? ironic weirdtiming
I just saw a Lexus with Bernie 2016 sticker on it . Where is Alanis Morrisette when you need her ? ironic
They look like lesbians who play softball naked ironic
. I 'm very sure that the Tories and libdem are to be very happy ! Forgot to tag the 😉
scored did n't he😏 and what I read from arsenal game was that you need a striker😳😳 ironic
Oh the of it all ... Donald Trump you are fired ! ! lair ironic fool donaldtrump mexico…
I just got a text from while there was a commercial on TV . What 's the word for that ? coincidence wow
lol nice 😂 littering at the nolittering sign lazypeopleproblems theworldwelivein
If only the really did erect blueplaques to commemorate events like this ! boybands
That moment when u r stuck with the lyrics of MSG 'S party song ... Party dhoom dhaamse ... song by a babaji : p : D
You ca n't say something awful , followed by AndImAChristian -- NoYouAreNot rude prejudice
a speech where Trump claims the media is ignoring him .
Corbyn supporters saying MPs who do n't back him should leave the party . Corbyn never backed a Labour leader in his life
Jenna Jameson , a porn star , judging someone who has kids with different fathers has to be a joke ? CBB
Sometimes all u want is just a full house gambling live love
It 's funny that Oklahoma will receive no bad press for Joe Mixon playing on their team . ironic OUvsTENN
This was your plan this whole time was n't it ? truelifestory
Anyone else find it funny is losing to after Bielema called our schedule weak ? 😂😂
Church sign : `` Character is how you act when no one is watching . '' -- but is not God watching all the time ? omniscient theistproblems
hahaha now it all makes sense
Hughes I used to have a boss who spelled typo `` type-o '' …
regram mknight388vegetarian vegetarianism vegananimals animalrights pets dogs…
Rt via anime89 How ironic xbox xboxone xboxlive ps4 ps4controller blue green game games game…
Sad that people are trying so hard to get attention with tweets . RT if you agree .
Ok just sent niece article on how internet addiction can affect her sons brain & amp ; been here for 1 hour at least
Humanity looks good , when imposed on others ..
Valve pls .. reborn is killing my dota ironic
that . Is . Hilarious .
An old man when asked about same sex marriage said , `` Why not , I 'm having it with my wife for 30 years now . '' pun justforfun : )
Just visited a website that was complaining about IAPs and then a popup to subscribe comes up . : /
BYU Media Guide hurts today . Ironic
By the time you can afford the fancier things you 've always wanted in life , you realise that the simpler ones make you happier .
ironic that the conservatives are n't willing to take in the Syrian refugees they 've displaced with their war on terrorism cndpoli
Of all things - we have to beat Petr Cech 's goal at STAMFORD BRIDGE more than once to get our season back on track to survival ..
... that I had to leave home to truly find myself ironic
Mahartwada reeling under drought and Mumbai based capitalists competing to buy most expensive homes
I totes was not EXPECTING you to tweet that . Therefore ImSmart BigWords
Dear I made it in time , and your opener is doing a bit on being late .
« Do n't get into a fight with Drogba , you know there 's going to be only one winner . » -Steven Gerrard . IMFC
Local militants return to the fore in Kashmir even as BJP rules the State in partnership with Separatists
I watched a gay man eat pizza off the sidewalk as he was describing how nasty the Ybor Shoelicker is !
Congrats RobAndKristen ! ! The ceremony and reception were amazing even with the brief rain ironic
It is likely he 's actually a Dodgers fan whom security had forced for wear Dbacks colors tonight
SendItInJerome . How awesome would it be if he scored , dunked the ball over the crossbar and brought down the goalposts ?
UT crying about another team having class , is like ISIS lecturing someone on human rights ironic
JeremyCorbyn singing socialist 'The Red Flag ' Labour
Akron has a player named Jerome Lane . SendItInJerome
The of having to tell the police what was cooking in the neighbourhood whilst randomly wearing my vest over my dress . 😅
Was it or coincidence ? Coincidence in this case for sure .
Drink every time Han Solo calls Leia `` sister '' StarWars ANewHope
did Matt cambrell really find it `` erotic '' ? ! ironic
BYU would be highly successful at converting Hail Mary 's .
funtown Legoland not exactly in their demo but we all had a good time
911 twintowers mecca cranecollapse maybe this was coincidental or for islamicterrorism islamicstate
Oh the of ascending Twitter to lament a group pre-teen kids non-ironically talking to each other using hashtags getoffmylawn
Pravana color remover does n't remove Pravana direct dyes . Haircolor
Racism in porn still ... Yet they feature the white angry guy , not the black angry guy
Two weeks in a row ? ! ... Even Mormons dial up a Hail Mary when the chips are down . BYUvsBSU
HardikPatel a super example of how one man can screw one surname forever , inside out ! sadforpatels pity obcpatel gujarat
lol but your `` fight '' is also boring .
Science now PROVES life begins at conception . DefundPlannedParenthood DefundPP
During the Federal Election 2015 I am finding there are too many political opportunist ; resulting in misinformation . cndpoli
Husband and I unwell with flu and crawled out for groceries . Just realised I 'm in sports gear . paradox
Finally saw Tomorrowland . Well acted , great action and a much needed message that most of the world skipped in favor of MadMax
She fake choked her & amp ; let her out of the floor later . Will did say that he saw her eye twitch while moving Lisa . MurderPact
I find it quite hilarious that people tweet things about others , but they actually describe themselves 😂 ironic
Instrumentals in my Beats headphones .... BeatsinBeatsWish I wasnt OT & amp ; I was headed to Evenflow
If They Charge You More If You Want Less Ice For A DrinkDo They Pay You Instead If You Want More Ice ? NoLogic No Logic TheIrony
My ex and I still live together , and since we broke up our relationship has actually been bearable . ironic crazylove breakup
Social Media Guru Tip 1 : Learn to Automate Everything ! ironic via via
10 Good Reasons to NOT Join a Union via
fyithey show more hollywood movies on tv overseas - caribbean , middle east , southeast asia , etc .. - than in the US ironyon regular tv too
Duck and Cover ! RT uthe JeremyCorbyn singing socialist 'The Red Flag ' Labour
Vagrant asked4matches Drove2store bought a lighter Went back & amp ; gave it2him Only2learn this was his pack o'smokes
`` Let me pay your dumb tax for you . '' ~Mark Driscoll profound leadership
emuka you being a feminist and all , one would think you would n't be wasting your time trying to tear down other women ... ironic
complaining about someone else crying and whining the sec hate is so strong with this one
Finding solace in white noise .
did their ancestors did migrate during plantation or sought refuge centuries ago in NI historylesson
maybe you misunderstood it . You may have . But I 'm dumb ?
`` : Austrian politician likens Hungary 's refugee policies to Nazi deportations
Douche at party wearing a backwards Miami Canes hat is making fun of the Huskers . Ironic
Not sleeping so researching anxiety reducing techniques for 8yo ... ironic likemotherlikedaughter
I 'm getting toasted by the `` 102k strong in Tennessee DOES make a difference '' crowd .... yet all of them still had OU winning the game .
They always look miserable . Every1 makes fun of them . Now this guy has decided to ruin his career which barely even started .
Dammit sometimes I just want to watch and not sign in - not everything has to be social - posting on Twitter
Word of the Day : ironycndpoli
Cameron does n't do
Home ! ~Just felt the need to .. & gt ; & lt ; Ironic Sunday13th ( X-PRO II ) NP : …
Reading an article on the thought processes and morality behind meat eating whilst waiting for a lamb roast ironic dissertationfeels
The people you want to have conversations w/ did n't want to talk to u . And the one u did n't want to talk to keep the convo going . Ironic
: ) , you have a smart idea for twitter , but they ca n't . If its possible , why they will allow to make twitter account . Ironic
2 years ago : U.S.A leave Middle East . Its our land.Go back . Do n't interfere.2015 : U.S.A must let us in.Irony SyrianRefugees Syria
meh , what the hell .....
They hide numbers of Catholic-Pedophile-so-called Priests too , by Bribing-VictimsIrony
The terrible of Sean Haughey talking about covering up Child Abuse , Who was his da again !
SeaWorld Rescue team untangles whale , helps sea lion , but keeps orcas captive for PROFIT . IRONIC OpSeaWorld
year you lot leave is the year I party.irony13th
ARRR that sounds a bit like capitalismirony
“ It is an ironic habit of human beings to run faster when they have lost their way . ” ― Rollo May books authors writing
I 'm so excited to be going to bed that I might be too excited to sleep .
Cycled 140 miles this week again . And I just moved BACK from Portland .
Immediately followed by the opening hymn , `` There Is Sunshine In My Soul Today ''
Grey sky at Sunny Bay station yesterday ironic disneyland
Blind is way ahead of Rojo as left centre back IMO . One of the few who passes forward and not sideways from defence . ironic MUFC
Oh the Cameron if this is remotely true mums must be so proud of their Tory offspring
this reminds me of Shakespeare-What 's in a name ? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet .
👍 And the Box Office ResultInnocent till proven guilty
. `` Live And Let Live '' said by Lord Mahavir to suggest humans , to spare every life they can . Using this against MeatBan ?
The Big Bounce just started on TV here in Nairobi , Kenya . hawaii kenya homesick
Following Shahbaz Sharif Footsteps Ironic
It is an ironic habit of human beings to run faster when we have lost our way . rollomay
Died a Million Deaths 😂😂😂😂 Pakistan Nuclear India
Oh the irony ! equalequal google
Remember when Ellen said she was vegan but now she 's using leather for new shoe line ? ironic Ellen
Never thought Buzzfeed would be in the business of teaching people to Army .
modding DeusEx HumanRevolution just feels wrong . The game is perfect the way it is and does n't need to be tampered with .
They do n't give but want to receive .
A bright programmer I know was rejected in a screening test because the code he wrote was too smart and therefore must 've copied it
are for those LEAVING Joetsu .
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave ? Anonymous Internet browsing effort stops after DHS email
Currently being ignored , hard , by a waitress named Felicia .
. thank you for introducing me to hipster meme 😂😂😂
rodney alcalas fashion pix r actually toDie4
fairnlovelykajalwa lol endorsement women endorse it
Hey streets ice cream if a heterosexual couple share a goldengaytime is that ironic ?
Look what happened to 50 years ago this week ! ironic
Cameron maybe he means Labour are going to build a whole new bunch of nuclear missiles . Makes me feel safe
Imagine if atheists were like religious door knockers : `` Hi , would you like to take some time to talk about the non-existence of God ? ''
ventre what are you talking about ? They 're thriving !
Its funny how Liverpool fans were excited when Chelsea lose : little did they know that Rogers is got plans for them lmao
They have to say something the people have spoken !
I was going to buy a new phone but my current phone is too old and wo n't let me ... ironic
Bloggles : looking at anything through a lifestyle blog lens ... Now the old books on my shelf are suddenly urban chic ironic
Women are so ...... simple ..... females complex confusion follow
MichaelMoore should make a film about the effect on an avid socialist of coming in to large amounts of money . auspol
I feel twitter is better suited to random tweets whereas people post just as random stuff on facebook
Comment from friend who just came back from Beijing - why Singapore so hazy ? ? sghaze ironic
What is `` within walking distance '' ? Walking until you collapse ? question WhatTheBossSays PapalVisit SoConvenient CantWait
they moan about DK on our board but wants 2 criminals released ? Ironic
I can not believe it was 2 years ago today that I fell on that pen and had my first book released on paperback ironic
Sellick pr spin against aberdeenfc win - aggrieved at referee not sending player off . LOL
I may not drink , but I always carry a 6 pack .
I clicked on the company link in your profile and got this ! Lol ironic
I have unknown someone for 6 years . Time proves and shows nothing .
I need feel good music to tone down the depression
Remember why Tories are busy slating Corbyn they have their own Mayor voting issues with one Borough voting to stop for 2 weeks IRONIC
Also the rest of that article on being afraid to write poorly was terrible and used apostrophes for plurals and decades .
Shouted at the neighbours kids for shouting . ironic
KimDavis MLK & amp ; CivilDisobedience vs George Wallace The Democrat Party & amp ; Political Opportunism : tcot p2
Luxury of the neighbours being away is that I can listen to loud music on a Sunday , qu The Streets `` Never went to Church ''
Walker saying Obama has been a `` lousy Prez '' . As if he 's been a good Gov . PBO has more accomplishments than most Prez .
feeling safe walking home on your own hood when no one else understands why lovemylife
but when Sanchez misses it was unlucky .
says the man forced to resign . I suppose he knows about disappointing the electorate
Long day glad to be back home with my family .... Says the guy on the balcony
you ever noticed how the younger , wannabe olderbut then the older would do anything to beyoung again ? Irony
Writing a thesis on climate change mitigation while on a plane ... : ( candobetter
ALL of it fits perfectly Truth
nyu `` Truth '' , brought to you by Mythology Entertainment .
Lavrov complains `` many politicians in the West look at their electorate to see how their actions will be perceived . '' On election day .
It 's only natural that a event held here in NL has to be played through the fog . fogcity
Jedward on 'Pointless Celebrities ' ironic
Now bashing Stephen 's wife THIS is good , is n't ?
Got ta love when a Christian gives you such `` love '' on Sunday . WhyImWaryOfReligion Reported Homophobia
A Corbyn supporter calling someone a dinosaur
Yes , & amp ; invited countries who use children for soldiers to arms fair in London
Benton County would decide to hire a graphic designer for the Benton Review after I move out of the county and get a new job . timing
. You want the govt to tolerate KimDavis ' intolerance !
developer claims application is very thorough , fails to thoroughly describe product
like they aint fire lovie and turn dey back on the LBs and peanut tillman themselves
Currently Chris Ivory ( 13.8 ) has more points than Marshawn Lynch ( 5.8 ) FantasyFootball NFLGameDay
`` In God we Trust '' But we kill on a regular basis without Prejudice `` Thou shall not Kill . '' Notice the period haha
Do n't superlatives = absolutes ?
Amazing but Europe is actually on the brink of a possible war that might break out due to the EU 's incompetence and corruption .
IVANOVIC saying CFC must wake up ? ! ? ! Set your fucking alarm then mate . Ironic
You finally get through to the cable company and get redzone channel working and the first game they 're showing is one u had .
startup consultant two words that together are just ironic
villa Sorry mate that one seems to have gone right over your head ..
Brilliant video . THE UK GDP GOES UP BY 20 % WITH OIL - ironic
The future is not yet written for mankind . But it 's starting to look like this .
The same day Biggie dropped Ready To Die , A few years later Pac died .. On the same day ironic
BACK TO WORK lol still on twitter while tweeting this ironic
PZ and our friend got 6 of her racers into their adoption program including a black dog named Lemon
First night sleeping with the windows open and it 's so nice outside that I do n't want to get out of bed ATX AustinTX
true Tarunbhai , when it comes to -ve thing we are highlighted and for good ignored
Anyone catch the here ? Turkish Fascists living in Germany protesting immigration ...
Judging people 's dishes on Cutthroat Kitchen while eating a Lunchable .
I was actually listening to All About That Bass when this came up .
So they dont welcome the refugees ? They themselves are living off on palestines land and their ancestors were refugees !
Crabtree just a little .
but hiding such positive messages in ironic shitposting can create emotional space
The way she describes how she came to life ironic TheTruthAboutEmanuel movie
on my way over - missed the only 22 bus for 20 mins , so having to take One & gt ; Way thisiswhatswrong FixTheT
JustSocial I was being ironic .
The dude giving the class on substance abuse and marijuana sounds like he 's on it himself .
ahmed well said Sumbul .
haha what an
I miss my AZ pecan orchard . Had to leave since Apache Powder plant dumped in the San Pedro River , making gun powder in Cochise cou . ironic
Got to love concept of Labour supporters raising paedophilia as an issue.Irony
Ours is a country of girl child killers and rapists , acid attackers , dowry maniacs , khapists , molesters and world champion women .
That 's called Bears fans .
love your avi and name😂😂
Did n't Germany tell the UK that it 'ca n't pick and choose EU agreements ' ? Shengen migrants EU Merkel
Link to article about sexism , and proven male dominance in conversation . Have male friend respond with `` but that happens to men too '' .
Anyone dare to ask will become communal for both Rightwing & amp ; Pseudoseculars , later will call them RSS agents !
lost her gig w/ for an innocuous tweet that was 100 % correct . Now TheDonald is leading the gop field !
So I just had to climbed through my kitchen window because I forgot I left my key on the kitchen counter . Ironic Pissed 😂😂
STOP FASCISTS BY STOPPING PEOPLE WE DO N'T LIKE HAVING A SAY IN THINGS ! ironymuch
One extremist telling another extremist not to be extremist indiameantban
Im good with people . I dont like people tho
Good thing belted out `` We Are Never Getting Back Together '' at a wedding on her snap chat story
I wonder how many people have used their Apple devices to say negative things about Muslims and Syrian Immigrants . ironic
the so-called `` only democracy in the MiddleEast ''
I do n't have a cellular connectivity but I am having good WiFi strength ! Kargil
But I 'm so pure and innocent .......... lol . Totes . yolo yoloswag hashbrowns
2sided billboard-one side has an ad for a gentleman 's club and the other side has an ad for father 's rights in a divorce ... chicago
And Has Himself Drawn so many that he feels Ppl must not cross
Grainy Hipstamatic filter on $ 600 smartphone makes image of $ 50 camera that inspired said filter . ironic
This is the tag of my new church skirt .
Grow a moustache and no one bats an eye . Do n't use watsapp and everyone loses their minds .
Somehow , I just now realized that selfdelusion is a major theme of my novel . Oh , the
This is a joke , right ? Donate to spread info about wasteful spending ? canpoli
Weight loss commercials playing at McDonald 's ironic
Should have thrown it ? !
Toss up between watching Grey 's Anatomy and Supernatural . Pick Supernatural & amp ; the episode is a Grey 's Anatomy spoof 😂😂😂 bestofboth
Lol that moment when they probably should have passed seahawks
How fitting that my game keeps freezing while playing the Cold , Cold Heart DLC for ArkhamOrigins Ironic StillLovingIt Noraaa
Trying to run the speed test on site as told by rep . Page is n't loading cause connection is not good ! ! Ironic
1st Catch of the season comes against Carson . Ironic 1 LGI
Maybe that 's how the Superbowl would have ended with Marshawn running the ball
Well how about that 😂 SEAvsSTL
Major LOL @ Rex Ryan voice-over telling people no swearing at the Ralph today . Bills
swing momentum off Honey Badger miss tackle . LSUalum
Seahawks call the play they should 've called in the super bowl and still cant pick up a yard lol nfl football Seahawks SEAvsSTL
Kubes would have called a zillion short passes by now .
man Yes , the change is needed . NWO NOW ?
As children we play hide and seek with others and as adults with ourselves
I advocate free speech .... Comments on this tweet are closed ! ironic
ironic superbowl49 gohawks loll
So let me get this straight ... donate to you so you can spend our money on ads .
I 'm just sayn ' - need one yard in OT , why not let your QB with a gigantic new contract throw it ? Seahawks hindsight
Seahawks should 've threw a quick slant ! ! Why run it with 1 yard to get😂😂😂
Anybody else think Seattle should have thrown it on fourth and one ?
Just catching up on last nights CBB CBBJenna & amp ; CBBFarrah need to learn the definition of 😂
When daddy takes loud daughter away so you can checkout in peace and a yelly toddler gets in line behind you ironic
Never walked so much in my life as I have since I passed my driving test ironic
she 'll be hiring someone to pull pints for her instead !
Jenna , the porn actress of hundreds of films , having a go at Austin for flirting with James , when his husband is watching ... CBBUK
all=unfathomable in that 'story'-from overload 2 / 2 edu ?
Seahawks should have passed : Pirony
Do n't rain on my parade just because yours is n't sunny ironic
why do ppl still subtweet ironic thisisasubtweet
I love the of how the Seahawks just lost to the Rams NFLGameDay NFLSunday NFL
so I guess Seahawks lose the super bowl either way ... beast mode did n't beast ironic
jaydraper Yeah , you can get the cover art and pay in `` exposure ''
Apple ’ s iPad Pro proves Microsoft was always right about the Surface via noreallythatswhatitsays
Love everything in there ... ! hollister california usa clothing sign ironic fun shopping…
Seattle needs a yard ... they give it to Lynch ... he does n't get it ... ball-game 😂
do n't stress too much about sleep quality that you ca n't sleep .
My grandfather 's in the hospital today . GrandparentsDay Pray for him .
You shoulda seen the beauty that got out of this car . irrrny confederateflag exposingstupid
4 & amp ; 1 Run the Ball - they are stopped short ! NFLpl
I do n't wannabe that guy , but Seattle shoulda threw the ball ironic
REPOST - SEX SELLS SATURDAYS ! blog tumblr sex Sexsells artforsale
Shoulda passed , am I right ? Ironic
Seahawks lose first game of the season , after lynchs inability to gain 1 yard for a first down
at it 's finest 👌🏼 lol pcos PCOSAwareness PCOSAwarenessmonth
its ironic The country who killed millions of Jews is soothing its guilt by welcoming many who would wipe Israel of the map
Why would the Seahawks run on 4th and inches ? ? ?
ALERT advertising Colin Cowherd as `` smart '' sports talk
The week of 's hearing at taxe committee , AND tatort go luxleaks .... conspiracy Luxembourg
Fabiano the tweet below this on my feed was a draftkings ad
Everyone 's out here getting mad at Pete Carroll for not THROWING it this time haha
I was watching that 90 's thing on Ch4 when husband turned it off and put crash bandicoot on
Farrah & amp ; Jenna comic genius cbb
am I crazy to assume that most fashion/beauty mags are created and edited by women ?
The is that you acuse atheists of that which you are most culpable science
I like 90smusic and misheard lyrics , so if you get me a teddy bear , it had better be cross-eyed . ironic
Now you see why Seattle did n't run the ball in the Super bowl , weird how that works ! ironic nfl
Guess what 's actually complicit in rationalization of violence . Where does isis draw inspiration from ?
Run it with Lynch there ? Why not try to throw it ? irony SEAvsSTL
2nd arepa while watching pigs race . 🐷 TNStateFair
Germany et al introducing border checks ! EU & amp ; Schengen in meltdown ! Allow 1 million migrants & amp ; 4 million will follow Sort Syria
Went to dac copenhagen today . Exhibition this way , exhibition starts at other side , wayfinding book all in 5msq designfail ironic
Jus seen that ReadyToDie was released 21 years ago and Tupac died 19 years ago ironic RIP2pac
. saying `` white ppl '' as in all are racist actually makes you a racist .
when is playing a show 5 minutes away from your house , but you ca n't go because you 're at school in New Orleans & lt ; & lt ; & lt ;
Watching Toy Story and filling out college applications 😍 Ironic
On Draft Kings , you do n't really `` draft '' anyone , and most of the successful people on Fan Duel are n't `` fans . ''
It never fails that I get sleepy about an hour after drinking coffee ... who would 've ever thought it ? ! ironic or not
and she has launched a chocolate bar for 😆
Why did n't the Seahawks just pass it ? !
Turns out Marshawn Lynch ca n't make a yard on 4th and 1. nfl
I just want them all to live happily ever after ironic
BIG Shots have time & amp ; resources to plant news against their own cabinet colleagues ; but they ca n't get KeralaBan in news . Ask them .
I keep getting distracted while writing a research paper over ADHD
I do n't fw the Cowboys but I live in Texas the
Here 's an assclown that bitched about people blocking him for `` not being a vol sheep '' ... I went at him and ..
MissGeorgia . Extra time to think because you `` did n't hear the question '' is cheating . MissAmerica
When Marshawn gets stuffed on a 4th down ironic
got a txt sayin I am eligible for a new phone , the service on mine goes to crap on same day . No internet service at home ironic
Spelling is no joke . backtoschool teachersofinstagram ironyatitsbest
They always play us when we 're out of town . ironic
Marcus Mariota has a career game in his first start , and the news centers on Johnny Manziel being subbed in . NFLSunday NFL
Watching the episode of `` That 70 's Show '' where Jackie & amp ; Kelso have a pregnancy scare . Turns out life imitated art .
I sincerely did n't mean to say that to insult you . I find it interesting to be honest and I was only making jokes .
This DirtyTroll on CatFish MTV Ironic
Bethany just did the math of how much our grade would drop if we did n't do any of the math hw
So ... ( wee smugpuss himself ) , will continue as Shadow Scottish Secretary . Congrats on beating so many other candidates !
Put the Play clock to 4:20 , , , , really ! ! LoL
While men defend the ridiculous notion of man 's free will , they think it detestable to speak of God 's freedom to save . Ironic
Omg becky look at her but it 's so big she looks like 1 of those rap guys girlfriends bigbuts
making sure to be safe just to learn you ca n't even have kids ..
I 'm watching a documentary for class about people who multi task and get distracted easily and I 'm using my phone ironic
When you get melted cheese dip on your workout outfit .
I just awoke from a nap and the last scene of `` The Day the Earth Stood Still '' was playing on the tv .
Poor guy.irony life badluck
haha ( as i weep ... ) Orwell GeorgeOrwell 1984 humor bigbrother singularity future literature
MAISE WILLIAMS IS ON GAME OF THRONES BUT HAS NEVER HEARD OF ZELDA ? ? LMAO
So Iowa and Nebraska are equal losers . MissAmerica ironic
Yes , and the reasons generally revolve around high-pressure sales tactics when cross-selling products ! ironic
. . ' I never talk about my private life ever . ' No . Just stalk hoovering Hosks .
Sometimes , giving someone what they give you is a lesson to them . They soon find out they do n't like it either . ironic 😉
Funny how the concept of zombies does n't exist in shows like and ironic headshotonly howisthatpossible
When u have a frayed floss strand stuck between ur teeth ... wtf weird truth 😆😁
I just dropped a Tony Romo in the toilet and came out to see another turnover . DALvsNYG cowboysvsgiants tonyromo
when you bet a styles room the giants would beat the boys
Well life has a funny way ... Ironic Goodnight Verycold
You were not born Christian KimDavis you chose to be Christian , and your choice should not effect others lives ! ! ! ironic
is that graffiti on the sign ?
Djokovic 's game is forcing you to make unforced error UsOpenFinal USOpen USOpen2015
College useful-idiots taking selfies w/ socialist BernieSanders using free-market capitalist products ( iPhones ) is hilarious
Henny and I hanging out watching the Birdcage . How ironic . thebirdcage nathanlane…
Picturesque . jersey ironic sundayfunday
Of course the catch rule comes to question when the Cowboys are playing smh ironic
Dear Jo , that moment when Hagrid tells Harry `` yeh 'd be mad ter try an ' rob '' Gringotts . fastforward rowling
My teacher is french and he teaches English/
damn all the hot sophomores r favoriting it to
Just used to crunching those code screens ... Thinkpad Hole ... ironic worklife zerothought corporateslave
I 'm addicted to Intervention .
In 5 min , a man named ‘ The Bishop ’ threatens to kill if investment managers don ’ t help him make a fortune Ironic DesperateTimes
the more her video gets refuted , the more juvenile it appears , & amp ; less important the refutations become ... ?
A neighbor boy 3 to 4 yrs old was running around his yard wearing an Adrian Peterson jersey . ironic
After the top 15 was announced and the others did n't make it through , the song `` Shoulda been us '' came on . MissAmerica ironic
IAmCait i feel for it 's hard to deal with someone who never lives in reality ironic
listening to College Dropout while doing college homework . ironic
Miss Georgia gets the Tom Brady cheating question , `` cheats '' & amp ; gets more time by asking to repeat the question . MissAmerica
So got a sweet park at the theater now I 'm blocked in and I need to go .
I scroll down my tl and see someone tweet porn ironic
and the QB the bucs should have drafted beat them today . loveit
To think , its not so long ago they were saying 2 party politics was n't right anymore & amp ; yet now it could be 1 ... irony
Airport . Reading an analysis of Machiavelli while all the dudes around me intently watch a football game on the TV .
I just looked up synonyms for the phrase `` in other words '' ironic
Kids that , in my opinion would have been better off being aborted .
Jameis Winston started his NFL career the same way he left the NCAA .... with an ass whoopin ' from Marcus Mariota . FootballSunday
The part where Neil is yelling at Del is heartbreaking . And hysterically funny . EverythingIsNotAnAnecdote
When your fantasy football team has you cheering for teams/players you normally hate on any given Sunday . Frenemies
White girl from Utah writing a diversity statement about myself
Funny how the food revolution is written by the nephew of the creator of baskin Robbins
Should n't this be `` grammatically correctly '' ?
for real though . Live and do the things YOU want to do . The right person will come along soon enough.PSAFromALoner
Georgia said she could n't hear the question about Brady cheating . Wonder how she feels about deflating the time clock . Ironic MissAmerica
FB13 thanks for the follow . Perhaps you could ask to unblock me ?
Sunday nap with dad slumberfilter
So fanatically rightyet so systematically wrong.ironic notreally wingnuts stopHarper
em is it wrong that everyone I see complain I think have a Edward complex . If he 's not 100 % Eddie , then it 's not `` Rob ''
riotfest when you say `` punk '' you really mean corporate sponsored hot air balloon meta confused
As a person who respects creative integrity and intellectual property , I am disgusted at how much you have done to this city ironic
conservatives say Corbyn a threat to nations security , meanwhile they continue with cuts ukarmedforces by over 25 % by 2020 .
But where will twothirdsofatermTONy daughter live . Heavens above she 'll be a homeless political refugee . libspill
It is you not me who is justifying our exodus by saying dogras killed Muslims so Muslims avenged that by killing pandits
If does n't get back in , will his final act have - finally -- been getting off ABC1 ? AusPol LibSpill
A speaker not speaking
So 4 of the top 10 developers are actually org developers ...
I cringe when I see people following then mass unfollowing to look popular
Guys who as kids made fun of people for playing D & amp ; D spend hours a week as adults playing fantasy football .
And the found dead ....
The milk we enjoy is somebody else 's robbed food .
Did Lalu , who along his samdhi never allowed the women reservation bill to be passed , just call RSS `` sexist '' ? : ) Politics
`` Those who forget history are condemned to repeat it ... '' But come on guys this is just getting comical ! libspill auspol
I have 2000 songs on my ipod and the one song that just came on was Why Does It Always Rain On Me by Travis ! ironic rainyday
Hilarious says ; `` we need leadership , not slogans '' libspill auspol libfail spill
LOL , you know that social media consultants do n't use social media ! !
I keep hearing Corbyn is taking Labour to the past - while they are mentioning Blair or Miliband in every 2nd sentence
Thank them for their precise answers , know the cab trade is safe in their competent hands !
LOL ! Mike drop .
= everyone meticulously putting rubbish in the correct recycle bins , and the cleaner later emptying them all into one bag . facepalm
America at its finest
the most wonder sends her warm regards about your current situation . libspill
I want to watch the libspill on my phone but my internet is too slow . ( putoutyouronions )
Wondering if the ballot is being timed to fit around qanda ? libspill
I 've just spilled mine on my desk ... ironic
who is the dysfunctional government now ? libspill laughingstock ironic
Most interesting night of politics in a while and our internet is as slow as a wet week ! ! libspill auspol
Highlight of the day ! Chicken Cake ! EGGLESS ! ! 😂😂😂lol lovemyjob chickencake
Today the funeral of truly humble servant of humanity VALE Fr Doug Akehurst Tonight the likely political funeral of someone else .
The cab pulls up and its playing try again by Aaliyah lol
Working to afford a social life that is virtually impossible because of work . But I will get there ironic dontyouthink okalanis goals
Apologies , I ca n't stop ranting about this stupid article saying vandalism is OK. FreedomOfSpeech Ironic
I saw the most hipsterish hipster ever today . hugebeard ironic fedoraindoors flipphone
on giving the same press conference gave after got dumped . auspol
Suck a big fat chode tony abbot . Couldnt happen to a cuntier spinless man . Chin up can always move back to uk.libspill TonyAbbott
ironyHis teamabbott bo at is sinking Go figaclown
It 's funny . You 're getting more airtime on the ABC now than when you worked for them . ironic libspill tay4Hottest100
Tried introducing the idea of a central backend for the administration of a technology college . `` Woh sab karne ka time kidhar hai ? ''
Note the same gov't pushing for the IranDeal is the same gov't arming Israel for war against Iran . THe Obama continues . tcot
& amp ; all those shameless guys r willing to make a comeback ! !
But what they do to me something fucked up happens to them like 6x worse . a mf
DailyTech - Anti-Piracy Ad Creators Fined For Stealing Musician 's Work
Dat is niet waar ! ( Just proving your point . )
Within the last three days not one ... But two great things I used to have have some how crept back in my life .
Why so generous ? condor breakfest
If we go to early election can we all agree new slogan is : NoThreeWordSlogansego libfail libspill auspol Canning
you r entitled to joke ; the idea like in PrivateEye is that the thejokesarcastic , w/ or hint of inverse truth in it
Bernardi : politics has become a circus in this country libspill
it was so to not offend anyone I guess
We Oklahomans need to have more state pride . Like texans . I 'm tired of hearing about Texas from the texans attending college in OK. ironic
I hate selfies
Today would n't be such a big deal if the LNP had n't made such a big deal of it happening to Labor . libspill auspol
The MissAmerica apology comes when the pageant benefits from her more than she does from them .
Had a dream that Bruce Banner could n't get mad enough to go green . Then I woke up to a smoke alarm chirping for a low battery at 3am .
hahaha imagine you telling someone he 's getting it wrong
Apparently in the ALP means 'heavy grey metal ' y '
Love that when I search libspill I get this image .
is there in trying to not wear anything ironically ? I think I just became a hipster .
Abbott taking Liberal leadership completely outflanked Rudd . Turnbull taking it back has destroyed Shorten 's 'strategy ' .
Thank God the religious nutjob Kevin Andrews did n't get the deputy gig Libspill
You reap what you help sow libspill
Life has a funny way of helping you out ironic
Australia is now kicking out convicts ; cue Alanis Morrissette song ... ironic
This coming from the “ communications ” Minister… libspill itson
Christian looney tune spouting about indoctrination
Movie Lincoln showing on local TV , Abbott getting chop on . auspoI qanda
Jagged Liberal Spill . Alanis Morrisette would be proud libspill ironic dontyouthink
She childish but acting grown af 😐 ironic ai n't it ? 😭
ur dreamz is already having Boyfriend.Irony
Jay Rock 's album is better than anybody in TDE 's this Year basically cause of the features ...
supposed to be - that 's the point - do you think every comment on The Labour & amp ; Trade Union Movement is fair
Anderson Spill at the pool would be fitting ...
have n't you not done the same ?
Yep , could do with new sign makers jobs Edinburgh insta llers
BB17 is n't ironic that Vanessa , the person that is ALWAYS so paranoid about everyone coming after her , does the most backstabbing ?
And this is what you call folks
The coffee shop loud talker ... know all about his business & amp ; all the people who work for him & amp ; all he thinks is wrong with them .
The time you consider giving the kid the morning off because you 're so tired from staying up late researching homeschool stuff .
this is actually funny because I was informed of it 's definition this past week ironic
We do n't need gun control , except when we need gun control ironicorder
Many testing their hindi language knowledge , yet claiming it as national Lang . jokeहिन्दी में बोलो
`` So many Jonathans . A plague of literary Jonathans . If you read only the .. '' ( 207 ) Franzen Purity
The more you try to avoid , the more it will encounter you .
Got ta love/hate how much the sun shines in Cincy as soon as the Reds leave on a road trip , LOL 😄⚾
Billy Slater talking about a duty of care going into tackles .
Why would someone leave his country for Pakistan ?
So the new CelebrityApprentice host is an immigrant . America
Mr Benn the only one not changing in the shadow cabinet . childenstv
miller absolutely love you 2 dorks shilling for fantasy football .
Rather early for fireworks to start . Only a day into new leadership ironic
The monument of heroes ironic by laynwatson
“ : Mr Benn the only one not changing in the shadow cabinet . childenstv ” ha ! !
I 'm going broke trying to fix my life lol ironic
The same people saying All Lives Matter are the main ones pissed at Adrian Grenier for his 9/11 post . But all lives matter right ?
Putting a pack of cooked chicken made for sandwiches in with microwave rice is n't cooking .. Ironic HereFishyFishy
Heya Tony , looks like you are no longer in team australia tonyabbott libspill
The soup will keep longer than his directorship . ironic
From the Brooklyn Eagle dated 9/23/34 Ironic
A terrorist supporter , sharing a front bench with the racist Abbott labelling 4m UKIP voters racist !
PeterKing I like when Twitter fools attack journalists with poor spelling and grammatical errors
Given the in Tony being defeated less than 3 hours ago , your twitter mod should be fired for not deleting this by now .
As I read this , `` Are Video Ads Worth It ? About 40 Percent Of Ad Agencies Say ... '' , 2 video ads play .
the pirate now counts on Belle to save him from me
There is a great Aussie comedy , Malcolm ironic libspill auspol comedygold thingscanonlygetbetter
Just tried to watch a video . An amazonmusic video popped up advertising they are ad free . amused
`` lad culture '' `` I do n't hate men '' FeministLogic
Wow , David Cameron calling out other EU countries for not accepting more refugees twentythousand fiveyears
Abbott declares coal and I will be able to help you out of the polictical play book . Purely predictivetext ironic libspill
`` Shut up '' he says , `` men do n't tell women to shut up ever ! '' waitwhat seewhatididthere feminism
Word4Today Loquacious : Talkative . Word was invented by Dante in `` Inferno . '' Apropos . ( Word4Tomorrow ) amwriting
Except it was the Daily Telecrap which set off the hand grenade last Friday . much ?
Arnold Schwarzenegger replaced Donald Trump as the host of Celebrity Apprentice , meaning that Trump lost his job to an immigrant ironic
Is n't there some in a Fox presenter advocating a balanced , unbiased analysis ? Not exactly been Fox company watchwords
Surprised the press have n't picked up on a 75 % decrease in Wildlife offences . What do you have to do nowadays ! ironic
I noticed lots of ads in that article ...
We get $ 3.88 for every $ 1.00 we give the federal gov't 47thMostDependentStateonFederalGovt
gone are the days when a college degree actually meant something.there are more people doing great things without a degree than with ironic
To not like guns sure does want to use them to take billions from the rich ... BernieConvo
We always go to the ⚽ training by car I 've always found it a little ironic It 's time 4 a change I 'm acceptingthechallenge so I 'll go by 🚴
When your all a Twitter but nobody tweets !
choices are obligations most of the times ....
Donald Trump just lost his Apprentice job to an immigrant .
Cree & amp ; English classes today ironic
Ironic Liberals have created there own destruction . `` When stock market crashes and U.S. ( cont )
Good one : - ) drone collaboration office innovation nerdalert ironic
His beatification by the Church should send a message that belief in witchcraft is backward '' via za
is having to go to a shoe shop for sports laces because the sports shoe does n't do the right sport laces
Struggled to keep awake in Sri Lanka for the past few days . Now my body has finally adjusted but I 'm back in SG .
nfl Probably the Rams stopping Lynch on 4th and 1 . BeastMode
Today at school I had to teach a child how to swim ... She was a very good club swimmer that seriously should have been teaching me
Hey Joe , I know I am poor but I do have a car , just was wondering if you need a lift tomorrow ? JoeHockey libspill
Am just amused ... she says , gossipers and those who judge aint going to heaven .. While she just made a judgement ..
Abbott should have followed the mantra `` hold your enemies close '' . Turnbull as treasurer would have kept Abbott in his job ironic libspill
At least have decent hold music . Ca n't go wrong with a bit of ironic keepingitscottish
The fact that was a few days shy of his PM pension package is just icing on the cake . auspol ageofentitlement
loving the that HalfATermTony lost his job within 12 hours of this tweet
Bernie Sanders speaking at Liberty University ironic
Got my day off and it 's actually nice out . Time to play some Destiny !
Chancellor odd to see ppl mad @ Kam acting like children calling him names like childish😕
In case your LameStreamMedia forgot to inform you of WAsen ORsen CAsen
You ca n't take chocolate in your school packed lunch but you ca n't take chocolate flavoured items ! ! ! ! !
Oh the of metal bands ironic metal metalband band fact true truth
basil mccrea needs to practice what he preaches he said stormont should get along pity he didnt get on with john mccallister ironic
Congrats to my friend on Celebrity Apprentice ! Trump 's worst fear has come true , an immigrant has taken his job ... Irony
I 'm pretty sure that 1 on this is language translator .
telling your friend to study for the important exam tomorrow but you slaving away on twitter and facebook and instagram .
A salesperson interrupted my studies to peddle their wares . These were sitting next to me . CSULB
If you hashtag techno and deep house in the same post , we probably wo n't get along ... techno deephouse technomusic sorrynotsorry
If u can read this then u caught it in time ! OhAmerica LearnToRead
Hatch it was deliberate 😂😂😂
Socality Barbie is legit the best account on Instagram . Hours wasted ironic
Oh the
My newest herb additions to the kitchen ironic
Sorting through spare room from the move listen to heart diving our possession and 'it must have been love ' comes on 😂 ironic
He is actually six-five , with the afro , six-nine . fletch fearthewalkingdead thewalkingdead…
I 've got as far as opening a blank document but University Challenge is on now Ironic
I just wannatake a sec to complain about my office being full of complainers .... it 's fucking annoying podcast sticksandstones
`` fished newspapers from trash cans & amp ; read them , feeling fortified when he saw his own name . `` Yet more Purity Franzen Quotes
A week in the Lake District , nothing but sun , come home n it chucks it down lakedistrict
Its 4 something in the morning . I 'm sat here doing my French hw , and the French girl episode of suite of life zack and Cody comes on .
Quit smoking cigs 3 days ago . No cravings , but I 'm smoking a cig now just so I can shit .
is n't it ? u uIronic Alanis Morissette
$ 420 for a pipe ? How ironic
I love it when my conservative , retired military , disability collecting grandpa complains about paying taxes 😒
The trouble with going down is you ca n't tweet about it .
is SO much better than that . People can believe whatever foolishness they like . Karma happens . Sometimes law 2 .
Labour are repellant ? Coming from the `` bongo bongo land '' party that has Roger Helmer as an MEP ? swiveleyes RWNJ
`` Waste of Time [ Comic ] '' tech feedly ironic watchingsomeoneelseplay
Love how ManwichMonday and MeatlessMonday are trending at the same time .
is it just me or does our prof look like a Greek god ? !
I used to give people who play videogames a lot of shit and now I find myself researching the neural networks involved in gaming ... ironic
These correlated deaths are not caused deaths therefore do n't count doublespeak
Hobbits are very short.Hobbit films are very looooooooooooooong.irony
in Boston stretched to my kids and then this . That 's xx
how ironic .. Watching footy , They 're singing I 'm forever blowing bubbles & amp ; there 's actual bubbles floatin across the pitch
I love this too . Suddenly a gov't worker who refuses to work is a conservative hero ! KimDavis
Saw a school sign today that read : Welcome back students ! This month 's virtue : hospitalitySchool gates locked at all timesirony
That Nickleback app has to come out right when I do n't even need it anymore .
Immigrant Arnold takes 's job . CelebrityApprentice realityTVSucks
Great way to let people know .
. : U.S. governmt computer systems were not secure . 's server was : Hillary2016
& amp ; increase its power & amp ; pervasiveness by participating in it . '' ( 448 ) Franzen Purity QuotesMore apparatchikism
In gamed purchase apps . You never get an award for making it to the top without paying a cent ... kind of ironic
Met the Dutch Ambassador 's team as they got out of their car to go to the miniholland 'opening '
A guy with pro gun/support our vets bumper stickers had the shape of the AK-47 ; a product of the Soviet Union . ironic
Lol a Selena Gomez commercial played right before a Beiber music video on YouTube ironic
So an immigrant is taking Trump 's job ?
Song about crying comes on as soon as I start crying
Work by placee boe and ● London , UK .. placee boe placeeboe boe whoamirony…
Though I understand why they did it , I was thinking exactly the same thing as burningman2015
Sure ... get them inside stuck in front of a screen instead !
Would n't ever LET Wynne step foot in my classroom . She herself is a huge bully . IamETFO
mercer Said `` The Horny Sad Goth ''
did I hear right Mark , Claridge said a player should settle down with one club
Topless Femen protesters 'kicked during scuffles ' at Muslim conference about women .
my new driver 's license pic makes it look i got pulled over for a DUI
`` : Terrible California wildfires providing beautiful sunsets .
..... I think ! 😉
Apparently the anti piracy advert that says `` you would n't steal a car '' did n't pay the copyright on the music and are getting sued
The roof of the department of Art and Design leaks .
also there is no `` i '' in meme 👍noiinmeme comedydynamics hulu comingtothestage dayjob…
ironic coming from the nation that was established by bombarding the Palestinian grounds with Euro-Jewish refugees .
Tweet of the day ! 😁
Fun fact : until just recently Liberty U 's statement of purpose prescribed its students ' political/economic beliefs . `` Liberty '' indeed .
And to report the story , they tweeted it
Not cuz of subject matter , but because of how it was cast and the way they generalized races ...
Watch me get into a roll over car accident with all my Lego sets in my car . IHopeNot
KimDavis : '' Are we not a tolerant enough state to accommodate my deeply held religious beliefs ? '' ( read : to accommodate my bigotry )
I ca n't even open a door without my hand hurting ironic
Has been kidnapped by ISIS ? auspol
Kids wanted this way past their bedtime lesenpr
It is the definition of that all No Junk Mail signs are made of plastic .
writing a blog about writing a blog . truth motivation
it 's kind of meta . And is it ironic ?
A very ironic sign of the times . Posted at a Canadian bank .
You know you 're a Lush employee when you have to take a bath to get the glitter off your skin !
Kim Davis preaches for `` god 's way of marriage '' when she was married four times . ironic
That moment when an app called `` GameFirst '' silently blocks your ability to play certain games rage /cc ROG
did anyone else notice that they replaced with an immigrant ?
and then out of nowhere they asked me about Roger when I dont want to be reminded about the result of the USOpen2015 . ironic 😢 2/2
. From video entitled `` Tony Abbott : top 10 bloopers ... '' libspill auspol guardian badediting
Evolution does n't claim talking animals . The bible does , though .
stuolmstead : I wonder if Trump is angry that he was replaced by an immigrant ? Schwarzenegger Apprentice
Someone legitimately stole the bible I ordered off my front porch enjoyhelljerkwad
h0und The STM ( our bus/metro provider ) refuses to modernise , and yet Montreal believes itself smart/commuter-friendly .
Haha are corbyn supporters celebrating his win with champagne ? ironic newsnight
Many fansites are so happy about it .
pvfc I have a meeting in London nr Millwall hope to rush to Burslem b4 going home to Birmingham betterwin
Desirey wants to be a correctional officer yet she committing all the crimes ...
it 's funny cause they are wrong Ironic
Utes have been swinging from BYU 's testicles for ages
Overheard one smoker saying to another : 'Look at the haze - it 's so bad for our lungs ! ' facepalm publichealth
A useful crash-course in civics for us all ! If we wanted to elect presidents we had our chance in 1999
Hard to believe a year ago I was in a horrible relationship .. and today I am talking to a guy that puts bad men away .
My 12 hours of fasting has begun in preparation for my health screening tomorrow ... I wonder if Vix and cough drops are allowed ironic
“ From even the greatest of horrors is seldom absent . ” -H.P . Lovecraft , horror
seen multiple bernie supporters berate HRC for not being progressive enough while calling her the `` c word ''
While Trump was trying to build a wall at the Mexican border an Austrian immigrant took his job .
No words necessary mizzou mizzousnaps nofilter @ MU Student Center
`` You Ca n't Always Get What You Want '' seems an odd choice to play at a rally . Ironic
Life has its own plans ! Which ironically neva coincides with ours .. ! fate
An immigrant takes Trumps job on Celebrity Apprentice . Trumpswall
Definition of
aks I guess they hated the hindutva assistance more than beef/pork that pakistan shipped . sigh
CPC 's new slogan `` Protect our economy '' ? They 're kidding , right ?
Baby boy puked on me now I have a babymilk neck ! Lmao stinkneck AndrewIIIvsAndrewJr
Loving the in Travel Section mistak mistake
Omg if I did n't have cigs Id have a heart attack
I would have told everyone that Twitter was down but twitter was down . ironic
`` A hashtag does n't not a movement make ! '' ironic DevOps
`` The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking . `` Albert Einstein
Alt Del did you see the hash tack ? ; - )
I was about to make a major discovery in my sleep study , ButThenITookANap
Shout out to NS schools for the first shot at life . MrBenitez sublife
I have the ability to sleep anywhere but not in my bed -.- Ironic
Movies about the internet , but filmed in 1999 . LIS753
The and hypocrisy in this picture sums up the Tory party to a T ! TUBill . What a whooper .
Oh look , the guy who admits he has a separate , 95 day old , account is calling me a troll .
says `` facts vs. opinions ''
It 's amazing how society works , people think that talking about sex is taboo but yet they are the nastiest and dirtiest people in bed
why he call us all Gringos like that ?
So I finally got a Clear , English speaking Representative at Verizon after 8 years , the day I call to cancel service . ironic enigma
changed it 's logo . I wonder how long they searched for it .
So BYU will kick u off a team for draining ur balls with pre-marital sex , but wo n't suspend a player for punching an opponent 's balls
Still ca n't understand why anyone hates Obamacare so much . Ppl , you 're going to give yourself a heart attack .
you can dedicate one to me . The person in with has forgotten what love is .
as seen at Starbucks- `` Cardiology Handbook for Clinicians '' & amp ; a pack of cigarettes ?
The ones who bring nothing to the table are usually the ones who complain ( come-plain )
A politician asking : `` Why is the government not doing anything ? ! '' Funny WeAreDoomed
spectabilis Yes Abbott 's 'Australians for Honest Politics ' slush fund to oust Hanson
fun fact : Kim Davis is a Democrat . TYTLive
The man who sells ties MadeInChina DonaldTrump rails about Tradedeficits 2 people who buy at Walmart LibCrib p2 UniteBlue
The NFL is the only place you hear nickelback and hit in the same sentence .
so that not property comment . DefundPP
newmusicmonday freetheinternet fuksocialmedia hiphop rap Your Own Business by 432Future np SoundCloud
craving for vietnamese food but eating at a thai food store
Mr. Hyde is doing what the real 28 is supposed to be doing 😒
Alanis Morriesette wrote a song about this I think : worstcommuteever ironic
Traded my dad a sixer of not your fathers root beer for the couch I drunkenly threw up on the day he bought it a decade earlier
So it 's the third episode of , walkers are taking over , and they 're still putting out their recycling ?
I 'm so bad with names , unless it 's an unusual name , then I 'll remember . Ironic
Who knew entering a selfie competition was going to lead to winning a selfie stick ? classic imreallynotthatvain
Wish I could see a medium so they could tell me what to bet on for more money ... but I ca n't afford to see one . ironic
Aust . Republican Movement co-founder swears he will `` bear true allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II ''
Oh the They pick up all their picnic litter , put it in a carrier bag ; knot it neatly ~ then throw it into our field ! rubbish Gx
. commercial knocks satellite price increases but that 's exactly what they 've done to my internet .
Fish but you have brian molko as your avatar
unless you 're a consumer centric business engineered around demand ...
The only place I can watch tv is my bed . Anywhere else and I fall asleep .
Looking for submissions to the 'how many things can you put kale in ' contest . Hipsters need not apply , this is not ironic
read profile realize debating bronze age world knowledge supremacy on smartphone
Neighbour to her maid- you are like google . Maid- what is that ?
“ : Germany 's Big Automakers See Opportunities From Integrating Migrants via ” GOSH immagine !
Ironically I wish I had been wise enough to get my wisdom teeth removed when I was supposed to . wise wisdom wisdomteeth
Nation rentfree ? UT won this past week and all ute fans do is talk about BYU
In Kerala , Engineering students want to get into Banking jobs & amp ; Management / Financial students want to get into Engineering firms !
Do n't you love when people say `` Mind your business ! `` ... but they 're constantly putting all their business out on social media ? Lol
awkward coming from a man who 's been more than happy to play this game . or hypocrisy ? auspol justsaying
auspol Funny that Abbott tells the media not to print unsourced leaks . Did n't Gillard tell the media not to write crap ? libspill
Among other things . I mean we should also eat sh ! t - a billion flies ca n't be wrong.irony
Currently procrastinating writing a paper on time management .
The one time Tamra keeps her mouth shut , Brooks runs his . And so does Vicki . ironic RHOC
this IS ! I ca n't even watch my squad ! Reminds me of Musgrave ironic
So , Imposing Jainism on Other religion is Intolerance , While Imposing Holy Quran on So called 'Kafirs ' Through a loud speaker is n't .
TrentDilfer , he of the 70.2 career QB rating , is still yelling at tonight ’ s MNF quarterbacks .
It 's like ten thousand spoons when all you need is a knife ... alanismorisette ironic Best song ever ...
Paper talk .. The tobacco plant could be modified to produce a cancer-fighting drug , scientists believe .
so a white lady in Africa is upset about arabs going to Europe ? justsaying
offensive line = Achilles heel .
this year , i decided to take the flu vaccine .. now i have a flu .. 😷 ironic

Self-centred media host calls out politician for being self-centred .
My dog gutted a Tauntaun in less than a day dogmom StarWars
Sir MV started State bank of Mysore ( SBM ) , today its a laboratory of Hindi imposition.ironyStopHindiImperilism HappyEngineersDay
is the higiene of the mind quotes tumblr
Just lost my reading glasses in the middle of a field , need my glasses to look for them ! ironic frustrating
I take it he swore loyalty to the queen . Ironic
The fool that 's had everyone held up by doing 40mph on a 60mph limit did n't slow down for the 30 zone . Cue speed camera .
`` Omg but is Bill in Italy or not ? ! `` , oh yeah ofc he is in Italy . Look at those pictures , we are full of palm trees in Italy .. ironic
How cool is ? Irony .... Do n't you just want to say `` yes '' to whatever she asks ? How 'd she do dat ?
Today 's TheSun knocks JeremyCorbyn . But the paper when it was launched OTD in 1964 would have loved him
boomer was hyping him up .
My god , They 're party-ing too
you and this gutter press belong together ! ironic
The Messenger of God in a baseball cap .
EngineersDay the day where all the engineers wish each other while sitting in office.Irony
How can it be called morning sickness when it 's the middle of the night ? MyPoorWife LateNightTripToTheER
Better than having a hole there which would 've gotten bigger from my foot getting caught in it every time I put them on
Venting on social networks is immature Ironic Me Life
Just been lectured on need to find non-polluting ways to travel by pundit on who admitted accepting BBC diesel taxi ride ironic
Me : `` Pig ! Why wo n't you run ? '' is built into hadoop .
He has joined `` Zardari '' ki party and not `` Benazir 's '' ..
But enough ranting about wrestling before WWE labels me as a mark who does n't understand the business . antiquatedideas
bawal political questions sa talk on Governance , Social Transformation and Transparency . ironic binayvisitsup
redskins a cpa calling someone else dumb ?
I wonder how many Refugee s Russia is taking ? ? and also why the EU is the only place they can go ? ? nottheonlysafeplace
So - Poland ’ s closed it ’ s borders & amp ; yet bitching about UK not taking more migrants… .. oh the
look like The Raiders in those horrible uniforms and playing like them as well ! MINvsSF quicktojudge dontknowfootball
Hey ash hole .. b4 you call someone a moron check your tweet b4 u hit the tweet button stupid
Tory Govt sends this book out to 11 month child . Where 's the fracking version ? ? ! !
Why is it we spend our lives running around trying to make something worthwhile only to lookup and realise we missed out on living
Videos of real owls creep me the fuck out . Those eyes ! 😳shivers . But I like inanimate owl objects ... I think they 're cute ironic
Gerrards getting an awful lot of stick for giving his opinions off an awful lot of people who regularly voice their own on here .. Irony
contracting a company called HiPORA to investigate claims of pilferage from your employees .. get it ?
If one is fighting for democracy , then why vote for Marxist Leninist Communism ?
Studying is FUN , is the deadline for assignments .
where can I buy invisible spray ?
Abbott taking swipe at media who put him in job in first place auspol
The nfl is all about watching out for women/families . That 's why MNF is doing NFL commercials for in
£30bn of taxcredit ? GordonBrown was a real tosser was n't he ? Corbyn labour
. Top hashtags for Apprentice Schwarzenegger are : celebrityapprentice arnold thedonald arnoldschwarzenegger
I have a DJ who is late for a meeting . The meeting is supposed to be about why he is often late .
Gamers please check your PS4 privileges ! GravityRush FightForPSVitaism PSVitaIsDead Vita4Ever
Feminist Amanda Marcotte lecturing others about fiction ?
It 's my fav Miley song . But unfortunately it hurts dogs ears when we play it . ironic
Said the Labour supporter :
It 's fascinating to me how rapidly `` authentic '' has become a hackneyed , inauthentic term , thanks to overuse in the GOP debate . ironic
the left scream equalityOut of 2 marriages I paid the most I worked auspol
Was there ever a more inappropriately named 'news ' source than ie ?
um morningjoe joe isnt trump one of those richest 200 Americans ?
There Is A Joke There Somewhere ! ! ! Ooh The Irony ! ! ! ! ! ! crocs Animals
Only in India can followers of Francis xavier become advocates of FoE & amp ; rationalism
tell me about it
On a day like today , it 's ironic to see LDN in food mag extolling the last days of summer
Looks like Jaguar has crossed over the line of what we think an SUV can do . ironic
I 'm all overdumpthejunk My personal journey , why I co-founded /
Do you think Captain Obvious knows he 's obvious ?
The workers at English Gardens are so mean lol
Well , this is awkward . Thanks Facebook ... Facebook contradiction ironic funny bazaar
So I have this little paper I keep in my pocket where I leave myself reminders and I forgot it at the car on my way to school . 😐😆😂 Ironic
This is a classic . It will keep me smiling all day ! gls excellence
-via . Reddit
is Jenna saying ' ... seriously , he can kiss my big american white ass .. ' cbb
Is this ? Scotland Independiente
Oh , the lady who regrets becoming an American citizen ?
People unfriend me on facebook and follows me on twitter .. ! !
Never fails , if my car gets washed , it rains the day after . rainyday drought…
In our office seeing Jay Cutler on your desk on Tues is a good thing ! firstplace ironic
True fact : as proclaimed by the UN , today - September 15 - is the International Day of Democracy.HAHAHAHAHA . libspill auspol
Was useful 2x ; 1x in Vancouver , BC , 1x in Portland ( from Lloyd to Ford ) . Where car sharing is , pub . trans . is also good .
Getting an email to confirm unsubscribing .
does anyone ever answer the phones ? I 've tried calling several times about the lack of answerphone but it rings out . ironic
You were being ironic now the jokes on you . Hipster
Nagpur-Dubai ( Via Doha ) fares are less than Nagpur-Doha fares on new QatarAirways flight ! Absurdity at its peak ! Kalyug
Sitting , reading at the Starbucks on Howard Campus thinkin ... '' this where u need to teach , Jac . '' All while in a blue suit and red tie .
just a tad of a reactive mind showing fr the Jive Azzes , Scientology 's finest ! Rebecca Grant called ME a bully & amp ; criminal
We all know a lizard named Dragon 🐉🐲 ironic
I 'm having a really difficult time staying awake during this Psychology lecture over sleep deprivation . ironic
So this landed in the office and I 'm here in KSA for ... TakenKing
Countries with huge history of migration which were also occupied by Nazis are not welcoming refugees ironic
so so savage
Pretty bad when the grammar police does n't know to put a comma before and after `` my son ''
There is a problem ? I wwas unware of it
and we rewarded the tyrant by naming a road after him . Thank God good sense prevailed . apjabdulkalam
oh no BfS are playing it for laughs methinks ...
Strangers seem to always recognize your greatness before others ! Ironic @ Orange Park Running/walking
Stress much ? Docs prescribe nature , not checking your phone . stress DigitalDetox
Mag Haiku 2015Sep1410/10Now the CoupDeGrace : A free lifetime subscriptionto FrankMagazine ! ! ! irony
I did note the at the time , because I was just about to finally tune out of Today . Wilkinson is why . 😴
`` : It 's easy to care for refugees , on Twitter . ''
That awkward moment when trying to submit a repair request for a faulty device to and this happens .
UK your customer response is very poor at best ! patienceisvirtue ironic
Next year , Andrea Bocelli needs to make an appearance .
I find it ironic the book is about cheating time when time in reality cheats us ⏰😫 We need a meetup somepoint .
Times just do n't change ... They only look different .
turley ... says the guy who thinks there 's a magic man living in the sky .
Lady Haha this is true ! The only time the service is impeccable is when there 's a tube strike ironic
`` : I hate selfies
So embarrassing to see ignorant and anti-western rants by people like Dr Motshekga . These people are usually racists .
Free copywriting course now being given away by . Oops , I mean Kopywriting Kourse
wait , I did get some indirect shade from Kirstie . Beginners luck ! I treasure this .
I took French for 2 years and I know how to speak Spanish better ...
BBC at its very worst ...
ironic just saw a officer driving talking on cellphone and speed through 30 km zone safety first rules can be broken
Been sent a 4MB press release about Peter and Pauline Carter moving into their dream home . Thought I 'd share this good news with you
if i recall history I believe overthrowing the royals was how we became a democracy and have elected MPs ,
YUP . I hear that . Tricky business those marketers . cmworld
An organisation which thrives on communalism reacts to an objective speech by Vice President asking him to be secular in outlook RSS
So … imperfect sign for the one « perfect location » ? ceasethecrap
In fairness . Was anyone really that bothered the 1st time round ... ? FacebookMemories `` RT from Dec 2009 ''
What 's , so Haiden was the replacement for failed Fetch , LMAO Moronic Ironic JustDumb
I 've been named all of the above for my HumanRights advocacy . I must be multifaceted & amp ; versatile . 😂 ^^ 3/3 Backlash
Black bag that my new cat alarm arrived in.💩🐾Irony
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA That was funny as hell I absolutely love
raydarcy A muslim woman goes on air looking for equal respect for religions and beliefs , then says woman who are raped share blame . ironic
The of these ex pats on the National Anthem - they love it that much they left the Country
oh , you 're being ironic misread that first time round about to be OUTRAGED he already has !
“ We live in a world where we have to hide to make love , while violence is practiced in broad daylight . ” JohnLennon TrueStory
Construction company behind Makkah tragedy - Bin Laden Construction .
Love when a state tries desperately 2 `` save a life '' wanting prolife but ca n't wait 2 kill a guy on death row .
Good thing I 've got my `` I Run '' bag to keep my peanut butter m & amp ; m 's safe and sound . dontjudgeme…
Why do MOST things seem to dehydrate us EXCEPT for water ? ironic smh thirsty seemslikeaproblem food water
latenight comedian photo comment by u was ironic nofemales but what about some cultural diversity ? media tv news
I do n't think this refers to mass outrage at a man standing quiet while others sing a song he disagrees with
Missing the traneco at the traneco appearance at the Dartford JTB cos the traneco 's trane is lateironyHappened the last traneco thing
It 's beautiful in Seattle today
All these bitches are posting up they going or went to see the movie The Perfect Guy and probably 90 % of them there wit the Wrong one
Bin Laden-founded group banned from Mecca after building collapse that killed many people . ironic
Hey , IronicObama Slams Liberal PC Culture on College Campuses : Students Shouldn ’ t Be ‘ Coddled ’
Lol Do n't they realize the policy against intolerance is intolerant of ideas they dislike ?
. whinges on about `` greed , '' yet wants to take $ 18,000,000,000 of OUR money to spend on government
Finally have my truck back and the a/c bumps but now that it 's cold I do n't need it
Genuinely have so much more respect for Alex this season , seeming like the only guy talking sense and having morals ironic MiCLA
“ Murdering the innocent to advance an ideology is wrong every time everywhere . '' - George W. Bush quote ironic
Docker and Ironic - a match made in heaven NuageNetworks Openstack Ironic Docker
Spilled ink is more visible to eyes than tears in eyes .
Strange , all of a sudden Free movement is unpopular with eastern Europeans . migrantcrisis
Ironic when in name of opensource cause we monitize . Monitization is not wrong but making false promises , Ah ! Ironic .
`` everybody wannatalk like they got something to saynothing comes out when they move their lips.Just a bunch of gibberish dre
Every since Ive had my workout clothes at my desk I have n't worked out .
This ad-tech company wants me to buy native at scale but wo n't bother telling me its name badcreative
Batman 's premise=beating the tar out of criminals to fight crime . Title now soapbox on police use of force .
The of serving a joker divorce papers on the day y'all got married 5 years ago life
Only in California on a rainy day .
Walk into HMV to buy a Blur vinyl and Oasis are playing ironic
2 letters today . One officially telling me I 'm clear of cancer & amp ; one serving notice of divorce . You got ta love the ☺😂😅
New Music : Proverb x Melina – sturvs
Cade 😂😂 were paying them to boot our cars
In its inaugural magazine , the Virginia Department of Alcholic Beverage Control is celebrating Moonshine as the spirit of Virginia .
Ironic I just posted something like this a couple seconds , lets see if…
And this is my dinner tonight . IcantbelieveImpostingpixofmyfood ironic @ Waxy 's
Two sentences in that tweet are contradictory
A Na posting a pic of a Nat ! : )
If I have a question about diversity/what it means to me as a WOC . I 'll ask Matt Damon -- & gt ; Damonsplaining
lol @ BHS playing Born in the USA for America day
Is n't it ironic v ignore those who want us n want those who ignore use luv those who hurt us and hurt those who love us .
Re : `` feminazi '' is this a leftie complaining of name calling to shut the debate down ?
Cheerily taking shelter en route to my tent . ots camping outdoors
Wed/Thurs quiz is on IDEOLOGIES ! 30 ques : T/F & amp ; matching . Focus on p 15 of CPM , check Schoology for screencasts ! MarxJewelers
“ : Will Putin Crush ISIS and Bring Stability to the Middle East , Where America Has Failed ? ?
Finally weather rainstorm drought cityscape losangeles traffic
Wow so the Ad that pushed Mack Brown to retirement and hired Charlie Strong is gone and they want to hire Mack Brown for Ad ? Ironic
Going full-frame ... And yes , I captured the photo with a Nexus 6 and destroyed it with a filter .
Social media was supposed to bring people together ... All I see is a bunch of girls finna ' rip some heads off ironic
IRONIC Obama Slams Liberal PC Culture on College Campuses : Students Shouldn ’ t Be ‘ Coddled ’
Is n't it ironic that the new Krispy Kreme is being built right next to the Riverside health center ?
Captain jumping from the sinking ship ...
Drillers have been asking for newbuild delivery delays . Now unsolicited delays are reason 2 cancel delivery ironic
Memphis plays much better in UEFA matches than he does in BPL games . PSVMAN
I Am Charlie / I Am Not Charlie ... How convenient for all ... Ironic HowNowBrownCowCharlieHebdo
yet Nick continues to argue with us Exposed ironic
Best part : Someone will respond , saying `` yes , '' which will generate another e-mail tomorrow morning .
Well good thing im not like that . Kappa
The nation w/ the highest % of slaves today is the Islamic Republic of Mauritania slavery -
The Tower just fired Austin Beutner for not being a team player as LAT publisher , but someone there is anonymously leaking ?
I have a linear algebra teacher that ca n't keep his thoughts linear ironic
Night shift beckons .... oh the joy I feel right now nurselife
Thank you ISIS & amp ; Obama for cheap gas $ 1.99 Today
How Ironic It Would Be If We 're Having This Conversation 5 Years From Now Chasing His 14th Title 😉 lol
A Jewish carpenter speaks to a gathering of the pious and they reject his message of justice and the evils of money BernieSanders
Maliar Justified his takeover by belittling communications skillsironicNBN fail theirABC auspol
My father taught me how to peep game , then tried to run game on me
Liverpool fans laffing at united tonight ? ! Erm when are you guys playing champions league football ? EnjoyEastenders
Spotify just informed me I 'm a talent scout based on my fitness playlists , ha ! fullcircle
“ Crowds are becoming an increasing nuisance at top European attractions , ” says tourism promoter unaware of
is from one of the roughest cities in America , but I listen to his voice and he sounds like a stuffy old white guy .
Then we can use it to 'dislike ' Facebook ?
I have a part time job at a small , local nonprofit and a full time job at a fortune 7 company growing at 20 % per year .
Some people say President Obama 's a tyrannical dictator plotting a coup , but shrug at police brutality & amp ; corruption .
Is n't it ironic ... do n't you think ? Alanismorissette ironic me
I submitted my paper on time management at 4:59 when the deadline is 5 slick ironic badass relatable funny like4alike
Yep , that kind of day ....
which they would n't have had to have done but for labour ironic
Sitting in a Melbourne taxi with a Greek driver asking if we have many `` Ching chongs '' in Tasmania .
I really want to play harp right now .
Lol f'n perfection . 😂
sign Jake Long , select him 1st overall in'08 , pass on,7 years later , he 's a Falcon . NFL
While walking to the Locksmith to replace a key I lost , I happened to find a phone someone lost and returned it to them .
MY feed is suddenly full of OneDirection tributes . Seems like they all went off in different directions . ironic ps . fuck
Sugar Have you got a sweet tooth ?
Definition of is Ally McCoist commentating on ChampionsLeague
The last time we had no quality on the bench was when Michael Owen was on it - shitcommentary MUFC
Hold on , NOW does n't believe a CSA victim
First Nation 's went through the same hostile foreign take-over and it resulted in their genocide . history is repeating . we enable
BT sport again showing their worth by getting owen hargreaves to talk about injuries ironic 🚑
`` Many Christians see the atonement of Christ in a way that reflects poorly on the character of God . `` -the healing model ironic
Facebook has announced they are working on a `` Dislike '' button . Do you `` Like '' this ? FacebookDislike . Info :
That awkward moment someone who is n't pretty makes fun of someone 's looks .
Everyone driving in circles looking 4 parking undercover at West Ed Mall , while ROCK STAR parking is 20ft from entrance itsjustrain
Juve complaining about holding and pushing at a corner
TimeOutChicago in print .
I had a fish called Floyd and when he died there were no lost souls in the fish bowl ironic witty
By The Look Of Things will Be Proverb 's Next single .. Man That Joint Got Bars Suhn . .
hardball GW Bush & amp ; Dick Cheney & amp ; RW neo-con accomplices have swung GOP so far to the right , brother Jeb will never get nominated .
Hold on , NOW believes a CSA victim ?
Sorry Pope Francesco but my Iconic Rebel Heart it 's up there iconic iRonic RebelHeartTour waiting Tourin
Radical thought : Take your own advice.PeDont
talking about respect ...
unfuckingbelievable a story about too much trump coverage as the lead in to a story about Trump . tonedeaf hardball
Amusingly , Republicans would have enough votes to defeat the Iran deal if they had n't created a culture of filibustering by default .
`` : I 'm not perfect , but I 'm always myself . '' And being yourself is always perfect ! EndOfStory
Oh , well done guys ! ApplausePlease
all the options listed - more fighting , splitting , more arms , drones , airstrikes , etc to stop an ongoing war ? Ironic shame
OMG . This is so scary . ironic
the of the oxymoron ... healthandsafety will killtheworld madness sheeples really ? crazy
Lol RT 1713 : My father taught me how to peep game , then tried to run game on me
I so know someone like that . feedthatego
😌💭 Life ... realtalk Truth Season Reason Lifetime funny where life takes you ... Ironic newyork…
As `` community organizers '' protest pop-up beer garden in converted technical school , alumni enjoy the view --
made me laff wen he said farrah does n't like raised voices
when you are eating a cookie but you are pinteresting healthy foods ironic
Vodafone provided me with a stolen phone then ask me for proof of purchase joke rubbishcustomerservice
It 's not worth it to me . I feel like I become another dummy of society ironic 👁
A group of Catholics wo n't see the pope as they MAY have to walk a whole 8 mile b/c congestion in Philly . becausefaithmeanssacrifice
All these Europeans playing in the Premier League and they ca n't play European football ! ! PoorShow
All those months posting selfies to get likes and Insta-fame , then you 're parents become more famous than you for copying you .
Hayley sings `` I think we have an emergency , '' as I type 'emergency room ' in my paper . ironic
What a reading list ! ! can you tweet q3 ? ? Still ca n't connect to my computer ! reflectiveteacher she said on Twitter !
Reading a tips guide for responsive emails on a site that is n't responsive .
That 'll be ironic if gets Communications portfolio . He 's Canberra 's Mr Bean . news
Is Van aware her use of Truth Integrity straightShooter provided us w/ hours of drinking game fun hiccup
IronyA country leads a 'War on Terror ' and does not join the ICC , lest some crook with the nationality gets bookedAmerica dislike
Is it a Huracan ?
Today heard man w/ S Philly Italian accent talk about horrors of immigration w/same words once used to describe his grandparents
I should be doing my HW right now but all I wannado is watch Bullet Journal/planner videos lol the planner obsession continues
That joint will make U reflect on your life & amp ; Start 2 appreciate all the `` Little '' things u Took for Granted.thank you
There 's a reason why there still is n't a legitimate Malay word for merah169
Took months to get abc to invest in Disneyland ... Now owns abc . WaltDisneyPBS
Why do people say `` I could care less. '' ? They 're pretty much admitting that they care ! why
Philippines , what 's with all the HATE on LOVE teams ? Ironic DividedWeFall
City coming out with flying colors domestically , while juve doing shit in calcio . Yet the Italians win at etihad
Matt Happened on 9/11 .
TheView claims to speak for women and who do they brow beat ? Women who are smart and show compassion
Saw someone who gyms , smoking ... You wannabe fit but unhealthy at the same time ? ironic
This tweet is also plagiarized so your argument kind of collapsed in on itself
socialmedia & amp ; teens - surprised ? News clip is also worth the watch PostingSocialMediaIssueOnSocialMedia ironic
NOT what would want ... Religiosity -- NOT Christianity or `` Catholicism '' .
When you draw the `` what ended my last relationship '' card in Cards Against Humanity fuck
just fell into an Alanis rabbit hole rolls eyes but loves it shouts out ironic yououghtaknow
cant decide whats more shady , activists or an author who refuses to be identified ?
listening to 55 while texting our third .
J.P. Arencibia . A hero for all eternity to the BlueJays . Rays Yankees
MT has said he will end the captains picks yet labor n thegreens cry 4 him 2 make some captains picks of his own .
is Ric Flair 's daughter , Charlotte , being cheated out of winning a title due to a dirty player .
They keep tweeting their hate of 'whitey ' ... from phones invented by whitey . Kinda funny , really .
Joy Behar . `` JOY '' . CarlyFiorina NursesMatter
But they did an article on her partnership with and how she is going to provide commentary . elxn42
, who preferred Copper to Fibre-Optics , starts his pitch : ‘ The Prime Minister for Innovation ’ ironic
Lol @ the guy with `` CEO '' vanity plates on his BMW that lives in -my- ghetto neighborhood . You prob spent too much on the car bud .
RAIN at dodgers stadium ! Four years of CAdrought & amp ; we get rain on LEappreciation night ? ironic
NYPD Patrolmen 's `` Benevolent '' Association union chief calls James Blake arrest critics 'un-American '
The Tigers are beating the Twins tonight w a junk throwing pitcher on the mound and some good defense .
was that a lyric in a famous Alanis Morissette song ? ironic
Yes u r .
I majored in Computer Science . It pays the bills , but now all I to do is write LOL
Right ? ! I wonder why the city is overspending ...
Right below Charlie 's Angels . LoveIt bb17
Im traveling to tacloban on nov19-22 . yes im all alone . I dunno wat will happen n why there of all places findingmyownserendipity ironic 😂
AAP removes chapter from school curriculum about anarchy . LOL .
cancer patients do therapy through radiation
Ha . Stop now before you deepen the very definition of the insult you used ; `` idiot '' `` WOW ''
My brain is hurting from studying the brain ironic
... and yet - they will be first in line to collect the taxes from the winnings - such that you must pay to get winnings .
Failed PC MLAs hold a meeting bypassing elected exec yet dont know why things went wrong . ableg
co-worker finished a $ 20k drought resistant landscaping project last nite- rainfall in LA 2day not only broke records-it smashed them
DONT BE PASSIVE AGGRESSIVE
Bit racist from you . And you 're preaching about cultural ignorance ...
Turner gets the out and now it 's 3-1 on a pair of fielders choices . Rockies playing real small ball today .
When & amp ; rightfully gave 118118 CEO hard time about call costs then introduce their comp ... call cost £2 ! ironic
we hired an outsider to advise us on how we communicate inside our organization bc s/he was a `` native speaker '' business english
Seeing a guy wearing a `` Park Free @ LNC '' shirt on his way to his car parked at McFarlin 😂
Lost myself trying to please everyone else .. Now I 'm losing everyone while I 'm finding myself
Oh snappers ! I just realized that by going out drinking I have missed DrunkHistory ! EarYourHeartOutOHenry
When someone told you you have a baby face , but all you noticed was your older age ... life
Previous tweet is just memories . Not exactly the highlight of my life .. But suppose it was lucky ? ironic that I found he a grass yrs on
Wife 's taking me to DFW to watch Ms this weekend for my b-day . We thought the games would matter to SEA , not TEX .
Facebook is adding a `` Dislike '' button , which , if it were available , I 'd use right now to express how I feel about this development . ironic
The loudest noise ever is silencing your phone .... Ironic
I 'm stuffed like a burrito
Today I mistyped the word `` typo ''
Facebook adding the `` dislike '' button to encourage empathy . Users to embrace passive aggressive new tool .
Bitches do n't be having no high school diploma BUT have smart mouths 😒
Fire alarm at SCDF HQ .
Just judged the hell out of me but I 'm too judgmental ?
I love that Bernie Sanders appeals to college kids , yet college kids do n't vote ....
I keep hearing some Baptists say that they are n't Protestant . This they do with much protest . So ...
Good job by american Police . Keep up the good work of putting a minor boy in handcuffs .
I hope they make an all male CHARLIE 'S ANGELS simultaneously to be fair . putawaythepitchforks
2 complaints filed by the same pt advocate in the same day : too much pain med causing sedation , not enough pain med to cause sedation
I spend much of my time thinking of a better way to spend time
you R right in so manor ways !
G Vishwanath Nair , the Mumbai motorman hero would not get an auto driver license from Fadnavis Govt .
martynova I think she meant to say IRONIC ; ) ( not stalking , your tweet came up in a weird search for some reason ! LOL )
Giving the `` I am your father '' line ... genius .
Rich people stay rich by living like they 're broke . Broke people stay broke by living like they 're rich.Irony
I see no need to tweet these bitches know my status ironic
+ San Pedro for a speech on ussiowa = human zoo ! Who needs paid entertainment ? ? 💯 sanpedro trump ironic
& lt ; -- -- its crazy how these accounts follow you and they havent sent out a tweet in 4 months ... ironic
loved you Mobike-Aire talk and apps list we think this is hilarious ironic weddingmba
The walking wonders Kid MakeUp India Pune Cool Pose Religion Street Struggle…
My 11yr old daughter just told me to turn down my music ... ironic rockin oldschool petra
`` ginagamit ang Social Mediapara manakit ng tao '' for 5 years you used your show to single out a person to bully
And these words coming from you ?
PSA : tweeting once about trying to not pay journo interns = instant blocking scoutscoop
did you tell him he was robbed not to win the 2014 rising star ? : ) golions
The system is fill with ppl that are evil driven . U see and hear what ppl go through and u wonder if truly we feel the blood in us .
Lady speaking at microphone : we will not be silenced bgocouncil
IoT conference badges not equipped with NFC . Hmmm .
I really have this thought about VP binay but yeah i would rather keep it to myself and laugh about it alone Ironic
their pagoda tee shirts beli dari mana ? plainrude ironic
Sorry Alanis . Ironic is how telephone companies deal with people who are trying to phone them .
Stamps FamilyProblems
Even you are old . You can not judge someone by their personality . You do n't know much because you do n't know better . life
Professor proclaims that Coke is literally selling us poison . At the same time said professor is severely obese . truestory ironic
BeNiceOrLeave ANNOUNCEMENT NUMBER 59302582 SAYURDAYYYYYYY ! ! ! capslock
12:10am and I read this article while watching Netflix . ironic
Is n't that exactly what you love about James O'Brien .
Call of `` two hands ! '' from one handed specialist hvwm35bnw hvfinals
My fish already died😔 RIP Annabel Lee lol poetryjokes imlame
The problem is we treat foreigners with more respect than we treat our fellow countrymen.irony
melodia Until you post it on twitter , and then everyone is able to judge you on such decision making .
This is the pitiable condition of the State which has given 9PMs to India .
Perhaps you should look up the definition of loyalty
of our society - A porn-star is accepted being celebrity but a rape-victim in not accepted in our society .
whole food takes food stamps ! ! ! ! ? ? ? ? ? ? ! Bitch ! ! ! I ca n't afford to shop at whole foods cause Yall taxing the fuxk out my check
Ahmed 's parents are so lucky . Their kid is learning , while Texas teachers 's kids are likely playing violent video games all day .
I know : / my favourite is the one I did dropping the phone while txting about how I dropped my phone
German music for a German family ironic
Only time u miss er 's when u ai n't hit .
A campbell yes lets ! ! ! friends besties
Being forced to watch a McDonald 's ad on YouTube while waiting for MotorcyleEmptiness by Manic Street Preachers neonloneliness
If I could not work with any women ever again , that would be great . Women are such bitches . Yes , I totally see the here .
On hold to for 18mins to ask why they have n't called me back as promised ironic 15minsandcounting
77 and Anders Breivik was a refugee on Norway too ... ironic
Ironic that a Dr. Bacon is advertising fat reduction procedures . baconmakeseverythingbetter
This is hilarious 😂😂
Off Twitter for 12 hours & amp ; what happens ? ? ? My usual expletive is `` what in the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch ! '' IStandWithAhmed
RT Golf : Just sayin 🍀🍀
I bet if the yelled you suck at a race people would love it .
that 's funny because you 're the one that starts it off
Stolen from a `` make-up artist '' page on IG loaded with selfies no less.Irony
always seem those who moan about austerity usually have the most expensive gizmos ..
Fashion weAk '' 😁😉😎5preview fashionweak ironic mood loveit lookoftheday officina34 animalier
Mr Menstruation ? menstruationmatters art menstruationblood
noticed that all of your arguments end w you dropping that you `` know '' players ? ironic
Anti-Piracy Ad Creators Fined For Stealing Musician 's Work Justice IntellectualProperty Anti Piracy
On The Way To Dreams .... You Get Lost & amp ; Find Better Ones ... Irony
Sport pen was stonewalled , red card was soft , Griffiths saying Thompson biased is an utter joke
But this group is just ... IDEK . They strike me as no-nonsense type of girls . But their quirks are so senseless it 's hysterical . The
A lesson in for this Wednesday ? Thanks to a former student for agreeing to help ! SBC teacherjokes
When the documentary in psych makes you fall asleep , and it 's on sleep hahahahahahha
hilarious but FACTS ca n't stand Alpo and who to say it BEST ironic
.... from a Dallas gun range owner saying that he met him and really liked him . ( 2/2 )
We Live in a Country where , Pornstar easily accepted as Actress but Rape Victims Never Accepted as a Person
We try to warn Liberals who cast hysteria , ban speech , throw around the `` isms '' that the net just might catch one of you .
patelaraksan Where people are withdrawing Lakhs from banks and still begging for reservation ! !
An atheist republican gets hounded for not singing God Save the Queen in church , you ca n't make this stuff up . Corbyn
Tim Drayson : We have falling working populations , yet more immigration is one way of solving economic time bomb . lgimconference
Just tried to clean my glasses with a black marker pen . Ironic
I did it trying to favorite your tweet 😂
It 's Muslims who destroy holy sites of other religions . It was a Jewish Temple first ! Ironic no ?
ottawa My comment just as foolish as you suggesting NDP and LPC will turn Canada into Venezuela and Greece . Moron ! !
slaps my knee fuicking classic . ironic
We 're no experts , but It 's probably going to take more than one night .
chorri that 's how you sound 'modern ' in India .
Judge : Arrest for cursing on Liberty city ticket is a rights violation - tlot 1st
To be fair to Corbyn , the rarely sung second verse contains these lines : Confound their politicsFrustrate their knavish tricksirony
- Generally spend more for a daughter 's marriage than her entire education !
I 'm number one in my fantasy football league thanks to tom brady ! lol
People ca n't handle the truth because they themselves lie on a much bigger scale . Burn .
on haha no she has no idea that the word fiscal exists ! And well done on point 1 ) 😂
JC being called a bigot for not singing GSTQ in a country with a sectarian constitution that bars anyone from outwith CoE being PM
He blocked me for one single tweet . And they write articles on intolerance
Permanent austerity announced at the Lord Mayor 's banquet ironyNo consideration of health effects of this approach austerity15
God in a godless society . The queen in a Democracy and saving in a country that does nothing but kill .
IStandWithAhmed is it possible to mistake a bomb for a clock then ? ! ! !
and was still allowed to move ahead
I just dropped my phone on my mouth while watching a fight video and now it 's bleeding .
I 'm watching 'Blade Runner ' via . on my Nexus 10. or destiny HBOGO
It is sad when the government cuts your wings to fly IStandWithAhmed He is probably smarter than the cops that arrested him
The first thing that pops in my head when I see this guy ... is a dislikebutton ?
There is in Texas folks proud of open carry being scared like hell when a boy shows up in school with a clock . IStandWithAhmed
Calling it : Harden misses a game-winner in the ClutchCity uniforms next season
Why is that everyday I get a free breakfast , I 've already eaten oatmeal ? sorrow sadness
Who misses Mike ? ? mike camel wednesday humpday thisguyishilarious humpdayisfishbowls funny ironic partyhard
why would war refugees be scared of police ? smh
Today- 1620Mayflower departs EnglandCausing all our IllegalImmigration problems !
So , let 's get this straight . You disagree with Tony Blair 's politics & amp ; you disagree with Jeremy Corbyn 's politics ! 😳irony
Schwarzenegger is replacing Trump as host of The Celebrity Apprentice . Wonder how Trump feels about his job taken by an immigrant ?
`` it 's like raaaaainnnn on your wedding day '' ! tune ironic 🎶🎶
Docs and Jocks : The hardest nuts to crack knowledgeispower fitnesshumor ironic fitfluential
yes please let 's blame all white people ... Because generalising is n't want caused the issue In The first place
Feeling appreciated is an underappreciated feeling
Joining 8 faculty to discuss using social media in classroom . May not tweet once during session .
Aaaand the Apple Watch 2.0 explodes , killing all in its proximity .
One week left AustinIsGone BB17
If Air Freight , why in truck ... ? notfunnybutfunny
When I was n't in the mood you were , now that I 'm ready your no where to be found Ironic
The people who say Refugees ca n't come here because `` we 're full ! '' Are probably the same people who will have 3 grandkids at 35 .
joanburton adding insult to injury today opening a food bank the is nobody would be starving if it was n't for her cuts
You just tried to rule out my opinion as `` invalid '' and now you are being critical of not allowing you an opinion . Ironic
Fascists and racists ironic israel
Really chuffed to see an 8 page feature on in 's ManOfTheYear edition . boydonegood
Just killed a spider with a book titled The Compassionate Mind ironic
MediaNorms : of India : 255 PhD not getting job of even peon while 12th pass becomes minister ! ... Jobs
Atreyu ca n't go any further in the Sea of Possibilities ironic dontyouthink neverendingstory
Policy if u ll visit any mcd outlet in Delhi u ll see two adds now a days . One is Kejriwal Sarkaar & amp ; another is Uber .
that 's debatable , so EE double speed 4G in Chelmsford town centre is actually slower than Vodafone .
ProLife people be like : `` Save the fetuses ! But do n't let the refugees in anywhere ! ''
Meanwhile at B & amp ; N
It seems the only people not concerned with politicalcorrectness are the politicians .
Waiting for taxi company to ring me back ... I Will Wait by Mumford and Sons comes on the radio ! ironic thanks
which ironically , actually is ironic
I saw my first Trump 2016 bumper sticker today on a car . It was on a Prius ... Trump2016 WeAreDoomed
... so had to order uber which I NEVER DO AS I SUPPORT BLACK CABS . Uber stuck in traffic . Van man waiting .
If comes to `` Rock on The Range '' that means she also will see Jim Norton in person before Jim 's biggest fan ironic
Trying to give the kid time for building a clock IStandWithAhmed
I was called anti Semite racist by this prick because I did n't agree with israel treatment of Palestinians
I swear , you ca n't make this stuff up . I just got a call from a guy named `` Mr. Douche '' and he was trying to sell me something .
I 'm just now seeing this btw . My text this morning was unrelated .
because what Pk needs right now is more religion and ideally a theocracy
Jehovah Witnesses do n't celebrate Halloween . I guess they do n't appreciate random people coming up to their door . Ironic
I walk down the stairs and they play in the navy ... no joke . ironic of in search of tonic water dears
tcot always talks about the MSM narrative , THEN they completely fall for it . dumptrump tlot
lol the people that always show up on `` recommended '' to follow are the ones I do n't get along with ironic
's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy . Learn more .
You did n't properly read what I wrote , yet you call me a `` fucking idiot . ''
When can we get back to calling a spade a spade in this country ? FED Obama economy monetarypolicy fiscalpolicy Biggovernment
Attending a Social Media conference at the Microsoft Campus , most portable devices are Apple .
Today a place in Rome will be named after Martin Luther ironic
It seems disconnecting from productivity tech is one of the best ways to get productive . bufferchat balanceisamust
being told what you should/should n't sing at a Memorial for soldiers who fought for freedom of speech xxx
15 years old , makes a threat to USA !
Lmao a paramedic just ran over a pidgeon Ironic RIP Brutal
TRAFFIC : A35 Towards Dorchester just past Puddletown turn one lane closed due to abandoned boat ... ironic
I will not talk about the influencers at heavychef . I will not talk about the content at heavychef . I will not be a heavychef .
this link is broken
The GOP made Congress dysfunctional and now they are whining about how govt doesn ’ t work .
I 'm chilling in your hometown ( Baltimore ) while you 're going to mine ( Portland . )
Yes because seeing you do BB would make us lust after you more
Just had a plain Jane cop car flash his headlights to warn us of a trap shoot ahead . Confused .
`` You Bum ! '' Yells one Homeless Guy at the other .... YongeStreet
Later at DaTechGuyblog plannedparenthood and squared PPSellsBabyParts
handing out constitutions yet repeatedly continues the patriotact . The
A rabbit 's foot is supposed to be lucky . Did n't seem to work too well for the rabbit .
Watching a Jeffery Dahmer video and the guy says `` blackout '' and then right after the power goes out in class . 😳 ironic or weird ?
The Revolution was fought to secure freedoms , such as free speech . AQE & amp ; NYSUT seek to suppress it .
IStandWithAhmed but the home-made clock I made as a kid was actually for setting off homemade fireworks .
An animal cracker almost ended my life this morning .
Lol and 3 years ago to this day Kim was in my Inbox telling me to wake up to go eat dinner with her and Laura 😅
Waiting for my bus and these `` Totally Failing London '' hooligans turn up instead making me wait longer ironic
I had a simular injury to what you had in '02 I 'm still recovering I 'm getting my chops back by playing songs
You lie , Sicular .
It does n't seem fair that the word `` fair '' also means having white skin . And being beautiful .
You were doing much better than you 're doing now .
Patel economically stong and backwardPatels in Gujarat Are Emptying Bank Accounts to Rattle Government :
Ironic that Household enquiry forms still needed in IRV IndividualRegistration era . Why not use DataMatching ?
Happy 16deSeptiembre & amp ; Happy 2YrDivorce for me ! 💃🏼🎉🍷💃🏼 Too freaking funny ! ! 😂😂😂 Ironic Independence IMFREE
I think you forgot to include hashtags on that tweet . ?
. , PlannedParenthood & amp ; Squared : ppsellsbabyparts tcot p2 prolife abortion
'Plans to be more spontaneous ' ? ! ? Seriously ?
My water drinking habits are so much healthier when I 'm sick .
Tories yank '24 hour surveillance ' stickers on signs in Harper 's yyc riding elxn42
of HumanNature , we run for things that make us sad and chase away things that make us happy .. RandomThoughts goodnight
If your kid plays with a fake gun he 'll be suspended but if his Muslim and plays with a fake bomb he got himself in to the WH
`` We need 50 blog posts about great content ! ''
I know right ? 😂😂 I literally cried from laughing so much @ that stupid comment
Martial-esque there ... Irony
So Piers , AFC in a better position than Man Utd huh ?
Would be ironic if vat was payable on UK newspapers . You 'd be payingtax to be fed the bullshit propaganda to make nondoms rich
yet you are vote republican 100 % of the time
Sure , exactly 48 hrs .
Getting my Arsenal newsletter at the exact moment they 're embarrassing themselves in ChampionsLeague . ironic
Arsenal fans : Arsene on his way now to a double century of red cards whilst in charge your holier-than-though club.irony
- Iran leader warns Guards against US infiltration via
State known for racism & amp ; idiocy arrests kid for `` terrorism . '' Pres invites kid to WH as ex of tolerance and science . IStandWithAhmed
but what if moth holes in clothes cure cancer ?
Well , I 'll say it . The actress who played the Ocampan , Kes , was perhaps not fated to age well . startrek
Panda Like you say .... ironic
Ironic that smokers seem to stand-up and go outside more frequently than non-smokers who seem chained to a desk .
History is so messed up I got Simba 's fathers name as Scar and Mufassa being the bad cat ... ironic
The show kicks off w/ of the ReaganLibrary debate tonight ... watch at ch 19.2 , cable 209 or online :
Guy wearing a graphic t-shirt with the print 'New Money ' is asking for Money on the street ! Ironic
When your exes come out as lesbian and then start dating each other . wtf funny crazyshit
The `` superior '' people 's culture is being influenced by another group of people . Gote1516
So Whataburger fires their employee for not serving the public but Kim Davis still has her job .
I have no money to buy Money .... ironic SoundsGoodFeelsGood Money
Twitter suggested I follow today . ironic
While the moral police is busy arresting women for “ bad hijab , harassers are acting freely , stalking and groping . badhijab
The D day has come about fedfobia . Indian stockmarkets acting like poker game for quite some time any joker can checkmate king . IQ
people saw a list and got excited , go figure !
Those lacking humility will be first against the wall .
Kiss me that 's right ironic iconic lips drool tongue red sex kiss
When Ganesha materials are kept in Imperial Blue bottles ! Haha
MrCSEvans : JadeTambini JLPdeluxe2015 `` it 's like raaaaainnnn on your wedding day '' ! tune ironic 🎶🎶 weddingday
I feel there is a joke in here somewhere . irony- LF
Posted this to FB ; friend thought it was an episode of Teaching espionage wo n't wear microphone
got soaked in my superdry coat today rain
welovejae : Mood : It 's like Rain on your wedding day ... Is n't it ironic alanis ilovethissong mood… …
on 6 oclock news ? discussing the security guard that got pushed over today Boris said we must respect people trying to do their jobs
Ok someone clearly has a sense of humor in regards to my last name . Hahaha ! ironic noveganforthisbacon
plus Decker & amp ; Ivory had great games . I commented on this last night on and gave some props to Idzik .
Handmade firewood - - lol hipster maker ironic
If anyone wants to join my gang , we 're called the Soft Boys . ironic
why did i just make thisinspired by -- style death love black illustration…
Well , that 's a huge surprise .
Mood : It 's like Rain on your wedding day ... Is n't it ironic ilovethissong mood…
Maybe corbyn should crowdsource for a new suit ironic
Do n't you just love irony ? gottalove
I have the inverse problem to Morissette . HowAmIGonnaEatMyYogurtNow ironic
Funny : two guys from a tech startup presenting to possible investors criticized funding a tech startup from two guys . finovate
racists are even better to laugh at /point /laugh at the
Jacquez dressing in his football gear during play rehearsal is so lmao relatable
The Universal bag check lady still had her MNSSHP wristband on .
Now that we have Social Media we can no longer say what we want .
KimDavis believes the government should n't impose on her beliefs . Yet she , a gov't employee , is trying to impose on others ' beliefs .
Oh ...... Buttucks : ) ) ) Unfollows again !
Literally just caught my hair on fire🔥😳 ironic causeimaredheadandall
I find indirect tweets so funny
I am assuming you missed out the hastag .... cetera
The Benny Hill theme is the best greatest ITV theme in the world ever ! Are n't popularity polls wonderful ?
After being arrested for being a genius , possible suck up ? IStandWithAhmed
Losing is the only art form that gets harder with practice .
they both know how to cheat and manipulate the system for their own personal benefit .
Thanks , for reminding me timehop timehop Too funny ! Delena Ironic Tvd
Traina I know , just razzing him because he 's all buff with the tight tees in summer
GAYS & amp ; LESBIANS : Bisexuals dating someone of a different gender ca n't come to Pride.You 're ostracising us because of who we love ?
DonaldTrump in the middle of the stage , other candidates giving him `` both barrels '' ? much ? CNNDebate
so is the quran , but you are using it as non-fiction you are one stupid fucking moron
With Writing , I never like relying on actors to make scenes work . next project ? nothing but . NeverSayNever Filmmaking
Helping organize a tailgate party & amp ; realized I 'm the best-qualified to make the brats ... & amp ; I 'm the lone vegetarian in the group .
It 's funny how we , as children do not understand what is happening around us just for the sake of our happiness Disappointed
Once again .... Giroud is not guilty .... lolzzz ironic
who would have thought ? ironic
do they look like little worms ?
The conversation begins shortly . Unfortunately I will not be able to live tweet the event . ironic
🐢👅🐘=======mayhapsinappropriateshit mayhapsis~~~~~~~irony is quite HUMORous . HISTORY , …
says the Indian
Haha it 's pretty funny , I 'm stuck in Manchester airport rocking a FP shirt & amp ; classic pumas 😤
My eye dr walked into Starbucks but I did n't recognize her at 1st cause I could n't see well enough . imblind
Kind of explains everything . Now I know why that usually orderly Europe was n't there . It 's in Syria gofigure
apparently I have to deal with inconsistent service until Saturday .. No Destiny . and I.T . guy with no internet
Please oh please let the bashing of nurses ultimately be what causes to pull the plug on TheView .
VIP , on a mass transit system .
It 's OzoneDay and of course I just got a text issuing and air quality alert .
I 'm making a feminist club poster while watching the GOP debate
Santorum bashing Iranians for thinking the end times are coming , then says Iran bomb would be `` the end . '' CNNDebate GOPDebate CTNJ
`` The idea of America is slipping away from us . '' Coded racism . GOPDebate
So true quote life ironic true happy silence noise sad
Jeez , stop bloody complaining ! NewFacebookButtonsironic
Love watching Jindal talking about immigration and birth rights
RT : Kanye is so `` pro-youth '' but he made it hard for them to afford his line .
guy that denies climate change makes me his pitch by referencing the future of America 's children . ironic GOPDebate
tweeting abt professionalism in class on laptop/phone use facultyfail butimreallyworking
Ironic `` Rain Maker '' = fixer . Intermediary . `` Arms Length '' . Hahaha . `` Bag Man '' . `` Well Connected ''
Personal growth entails shifting perspective away from purely personal points of reference . mindful
So we want to `` abort '' planned parenthood ? ? GOPDebate
I ca n't be the only person who thinks Joe Dempsie could 've played a young David Jones TheGameChangers
KimDavis and MLK ? needs to listen to Alanis CNNDebate ironic
Oh the uspoli donaldtrump immigrants GOP arnoldschwarzenegger
Did u catch on malcolmturnbull rebutting on renewables w/- NBN example ? ironic politics
Splitting the GOPDebate into two different debates rigs the system for those already at the top . Oh wait ...
CNNDebate bobbyjindal seem to hate immigrants & amp ; refugees ; talk about his family being refugees and learned to be Americans .
I found the globe room while lost today . universitymichigan globes @ Hatcher Graduate Library
when freshmen say that freshmen are annoying 😂😂😂 so much
Guy who rolled back educational standards , healthcare for poor kids , & amp ; women 's health just called someone a barbarian . CNNDebate
space welcome to the world of invisibility that bisexuals live in , which was n't even referenced . ironic bierasure
Dee Snider literally described “ How KISS saved Christmas ” there . InnerSpaceBestof RockandRollChristmas
criticises people who think that a religious end of times is coming ... GOPDebate
tony Aye , imagine Tom lecturing a 'wee hun troll ' on the merits of a British politician .
we 're hearing more substance from the kiddie table than we will at main event cause of Trump 's showboating rulesmatter CNNDebate
Stressed about leading a program on stress relief tonight LEC
Cops getting murdered , yet no address from prez . Muslim kid taken into custody bc something 's ticking , & amp ; gets invited to white house .
Ate a chocolate donut on the way home from my school fitness trainer orientation .
Obama has invited Ahmed to the White House . Of course the first thing the Secret Service will do is inspect his clock .
Obama : `` This is an example of how we can maintain fiscal responsibility . '' /Govt never shuts except for vets !
Santorum is talking about how ISIS is dangerous because they believe we live in End Times . goodebate
does n't think should even be on the stage .
lmaoooo same 😂 that was bad I was laughing while typing `` nothing was funny ''
Lindsey Graham addressing the Peanut Gallery . GOPDebate
I ’ ve never met an evangelical that doesn ’ t believe we ’ re living in the end times . Santorum GOPDebate
Now Christie is talking about govt leaders stripping away trust . GOPDebate CNNDebate
. CEO Satya Nadella discusses his apps on an iPhone DF15
Does not realize the in comparing Dr. Martin Luther King and KimDavis ? ? SMH NotBuyingIt
Margie Abbott 's 2nd day of not having to be PC . respect tshirt no accident IMHO . Like Peta Credlin - her own woman
People seem to like the fact they will soon be able to dislike things .
Pats fans concerned that others might be stealing cheating tactics ? ironic
iOS 9 What ’ s New Apple `` Smaller , more convenient updates '' but iOS 9 is 1.3gigs ediscovery ironic
Eating Chinese take out in the parking lot of ironic
Ironic : Watching GOPDebate on , as 's comments translated into Spanish ironía
Friends , where can I stream the GOP debate ? I 'm tired I do n't want to go into the city . CityOfPoliticos
Many of these guys are Catholics old enough to remember the `` Papists '' & amp ; `` 5th columnists '' slurs thrown at their religion
Watching the CNNDebate and wondering if President Reagan would be considered conservative enough by today 's far right .
This is the smartest choice GOPDebate
Christians do n't seem to learn anything , do they ? Bible Geek religion
BET playing White Chick 's
Fetty Wap- 17381738=5:38 Military timeFetty=5Wap=35+3=8Matthews 5:38= Eye for an eyeFetty Wap doe n't have a left eye .. ironic
Gutted that FriendsFest has sold out the only time I 've come to London and have nothing to do tomorrow . billynomates
Workmate drops down forklift on foot breaks ankle same time as national safety manager arrives lol
My phone will probably die during BravesSocial.Irony
So Apple has launched 'Move to iOS ' on Google play Funny .. An app to launch no more apps on Google Play iOS9
ok you 're telling everyone not to whine & amp ; complain but technically you 're whining & amp ; complaining about people whining & amp ; complaining ? ¿ ironic
cutting down so many trees just to make a buck
GOP Debate time ! 's highest ratings all year . CNNDebate Election2016
There 's always a David Henderson in a group ! May be the last pick , but ends up being the best pick Ironic mutough
So I was doing homework while my parents were watching WheelOfFortune and the puzzle was , `` I do n't remember getting any homework ''
GOP Conservative just posted `` It 's my body , I 'll do what I think is best . '' Oh , the hurts ! 😒
I was just called an idiot by a stranger on Facebook because I CAN tell the difference between a clock and a bomb . ironic
We can complain because rose bushes have thorns , or rejoice because thorn bushes have roses . ironic
running avengershalf Maybe I can run it in the boot ?
Division or bust ? Did it matter for the Giants last year ?
Wow . So dignified
`` A planned workshop on disaster preparedness scheduled for 6:30 p.m. in Waianae has been canceled due to the tsunami watch . ''
In Simi Valley , I might add .
Should ChrisChristie really be on a public stage talking about prosecuting other people ? ? ? ALERT GOPDebate
Candidates are talking about saving money while standing in front of a plane that cost $ 225,000 an hour to operate . CNNDebate
Awkward moment when Scott Walker is saying `` fight for the middle class '' but he sold his soul to the Koch Brothers .
GOPDebate billionaire Trump says billionaires have too much control of politics
It can be done with heart ... Coming from a man that does n't have one ! ironic saynototrump CNNDebate
so many tweets all over Twitter tonight about Trump 's face ! thisface
Did a GOP Candidate really just use `` Theocratic '' as an insult ? GOPDebate DebateWithBernie
Donald Trump calling North Korea 's leader a maniac . GOPDebate
The of this glass is not lost on me as I sip wine while watching the gopdebate trump
it 's funny how they 're arguing about birthright citizenship but also outsource labour AND FUCKING SURROGATES to other countries .
At an e-learning conference that does not provide wifi access to delegates . elearning edtech thirdworldproblems CellularData
The conservative leaning ribbing on Republican debate . CNNDebate GOPDebate
Japan ordered social sciences & amp ; humanities faculties closed to “ serve areas that better meet society ’ s needs ”
Huckabee makes the most outstanding argument FOR our democracy . ironic CNNdebate
The GOPDebate is brought you by a topical toenail fungus cream
Tonight 's GOPDebate is brought to us by toenail fungus medication
I just looked at where I stopped reading and it 's `` Predicting When Your Systems Will Fail ''
Tonight 's GOPDebate happens to also be on Mexican Independence Day BatesRelPol
Bush PAC made a video about America but used clips of other countries via priceless
The blonde & amp ; the brunette ... oldschool fantastico celentano me ironic marisalaurito italian tv roma italy
Watching presidential debate on YouTube live from an ice cream parlor in lehi utah . ironic eyeopening
Just heard on the tvmachine . `` The republican debate is brought to you by Kerydin '' . Folks , that 's A TOENAILFUNGUSMEDICINE ironic idsayso
What is Ben Carson referring to by `` farmers '' that are not American citizens
All talks about is how well he gets along with people ... Then argues & amp ; attacks eveyone about it .
Trump claiming someone else in the debate is influenced by money . gopdebate ironic Alanis
. thinks bringing bottled water to debate is good plan for California 's drought . CNNDebate
Complains the man , promoting CNN : )
. gets some time to explain the Constitution to everyone ! CNNDebate
DT on J Bush : `` I will take care of women and his statement was disrespectful to womenCNNDebate Hypocrite
mortgage lenders feel the same way about TRID Ironic
: : The solution to my problems , is my purpose on this earth .
Anyone else amused that CNNDebate GOPDebate sponsored by toe fungus med ?
. standing in a shrine to Reagan criticizing a president for secret dealings with Iran and not caring about hostages .
Carly Fiorina is talking about HP saving jobs when they 're cutting around 30,000 GOPDebate
`` I thought everyone passed 9th grade civics '' - Huckabee ( as he discusses his support for Kim Davis ) ... CNNDebate GOPDebate
That time Huckabee wonders whether anyone passed 9th grade civics and then gets the first amendment wrong . GOPDebate wtfamiwatching
GOPDebate republicans speak about accommodation for religion Believes and then jump straight about imposing their believes Ironic
is lost on ideologues ( also on people who forget their history :
That time attacked somebody else for being a theocrat . Bc Kim Davis did n't happen , apparently . GOPDebate
. Dangle Playing NHL Monopoly . Every team has an owner except the Coyotes .
Ted Cruz does n't want America to be in the thrall of a fanatical theocrat -- -Irony GOPDebate CNNDEBATE
LOL ... Walker is talking about education ... the thing he keeps trying to cut in Wisconsin .
Ted Cruz the Canadian and staunch opponent of all amnesty programs .
Being told by someone in Tulsa that England is backwards
Ironic that while inside of the memorial for RonaldReagan whose finest moment was `` Tear down this wall ! '' They call to build another .
Mike Huckabee talks about 9th grade civics , yet he knows nothing about it and laws ... Ironic GOPDebate
im in El Napol Mexican restaurant while Trump talks immigration lol youregonnadeporthowmanypeople ?
Ben Carson advocating slavery ...
Canadian lectures Americans on immigration during the GOPDebate Oh , the delicious
Whataburger Worker Refuses Cops Service , Cop Says Most Ironic Thing Ever : An…
When Frozen is actually frozen . 😢😢😢
The prolife and antiplannedparenthood folks hate foreignbabies . Is this what sound like ?
While this discussion about nothing is happening and will be forced to debate real issues . CNNDebate
Kim Davis swallows , but does n't believe in abortion .
Trump starts out by praising the 14th Amendment , then he proceeds to bash it ironic
scott walker talking about educationironic
Weird how Trump can remember the context of other people 's words , but forgets his own ironic CNNDebate GOPDebate
Cruz is criticizing a theocratic leader ? ! CNNDebate RepublicanDebate
Who is going to build this wall ? CNNDebate
oh look at playing to the crowd now . LOL GOPDebate
The debate is distracting me from my civics homework Ironic
is worried about theocrats running countries .
The republican presidential debate is brought to you by toenail fungus remover ? cnndebate
Did Ted Cruz just warn us against a theocratic government ? ironic GOPDebate
Heard ( a sports radio host and sports writer mind you ) call a billionaire business man a `` jock sniffer '' at its best .
Ted Cruz referring to a theocratic ayatollah .
Trump says he would get along with Mexico ? GOP2016
Fuckabee talking about heart disease and diabetes ... but he from Arkansas GOPDebate
In Reagan library , Christie pledges not to sign an agreement with a country pledged to U.S. destruction . Arms control w/ USSR ? ironic
Lol after I tweeted `` I Caint Mess With Capricorns no More ! '' followed me 😆 ... Ironic
wow subtweets are so pointless when you know who they 're directed at ironic
Did Huckabee just say not knowing what you do n't know is dangerous ? GOPDebate
Reagan used the airplane behind you to help tear down the wall ... Well that 's nice , let 's build a wall . republicans bordercontrol
And also , how interesting is it that the next CNNDebate is at ? GOPDebate
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella just used an iPhone to demo Outlook
Long past the point where `` facts '' matter . Reagan , of fake welfare queen fame , made sure of that GOPDebate
Coming from someone who proclaims he refuses to utilize the very tool that can save a life , or even a nation
you 're so against the sale of the body parts of aborted fetuses yet for vaccines which uses aborted fetal tissue . ironic please
Trump proclaims he 'd be the top job creator in our country 's history . A decade ago he tried to trademark the phrase `` You 're fired . ''
Ha ! Huckabee shading the PRESIDENT for not knowing what he does n't know . meta help
Did I just see two commercials for Wicked during the commercial break of the CNNDebate ? GOPDebate ironic
Ben Carson hoping he sounds logical . LOL GOPDebate
Tweeting from my ATT phone about how Comcast Internet and TV are both down comcast
Just imagine having a lover yet you ca n't manage your damnself.Ironic
Tonight 's new episode of DrugsInc was titled `` Smoking Bushes '' . Ironic
If the Rangers made it to the World Series this year , they 'd probably play the Cardinals againIrony
And it took so long , we all are 98 now . ironic
So you only care that Reagan did it , you do n't care that Obama did it Ironic Hypocritic
dear wang chung ... i think you meant 2001. for the 'Fact Checker ' team , eh ? tcot GOPDebate
Gee thanks Captain Softy . We need strength from the right not more platitudes
U tweeps are a fickle bunch . ; - ) NLP Polarity Responders . Ask one thing , get another ! socialmediamarketing socialmedia
This bitch is afraid of IV needles ! Not solo in deep , dark African slums . needles ( req 'd to go to said slums )
Wow how 's it feel to know your brother helped create ? Oh the CNNDebate reiders
fatso hates SCOTUS BUT had they ruled GayMarriage illegal by a 5-4 decision he ` d be blowing 6 of em
Considering Obama got a supermajority from Jews in two elections , it 's fitting he sets up Iran to nuke Israel .
A page that tells a story : Third of worlds population is malnourished & amp ; marine life dips 50 % in 40yrs . What an
Yet selective quoting of The Bible has been used by gov't to justify slavery segregation & amp ; cultural genocide etc scary
I love the talk at the GOPDebate about reliable intelligence . HAHAHAHA !
So told Bush W to emulate a democrat ? IRONY GOPDebate CNNDebate
I wonder how Reagan would feel with these `` republicans '' `` debating '' on his turf . They would n't even vote for Reagan today . GOPDebate
GOP candidates all talk about hope and change if they 're elected . ironic KKKorGOP CNNDebate
is when you1 . Embrace incongruity2 . Marry a dirty joker nicknamed `` the pig '' 3 . Tell dirty puns4 . Get dumped for acting like a slut
President Donald Trump ' s code name = humble GOPDebate DonaldTrump
It 's a process to get WH tour these days but apparently jumping the fence/walking through the front door is a breeze .
When XS is More NotAHipster NoHips AllHandles LoveHandles HollaForADolla hashtagwhore…
FYI the worlds greatest businessman does n't own the rights to his own slogan ! Ironic
Does anyone else think that the GOP debate podiums look like prison cell doors ? Election2016
lecturing us on amendments when he forgot about 14th amendment and african americans not being property ! ironic
Wonderful , , simply great coding ! SimpsonsTappedOut Tappedout glitch
He 's hate all these `` candidates ''
These Justice Roberts haters better hope that the Supreme Court does n't select the next President in a close one . GOPDebate
lectures on drug use while drinking caffeine ironic . great job on StatesRights gopdebate
Is deep linking broken for anyone else on iOS9 ? Multiple apps used to open into Twitter and FB threads just fine , now breaking .
Just a whole night of epic failure . Then this pops up . muaythai
Trump 's answer to code name was great : `` humble '' ironic CNNDebate
I do n't care if your faith says being transgender is a mental disorder . Some would say the same thing about faith .
Now Trump does
of course the woman is the one who does n't want a woman on our currently
All this gun talk in a place named after the man who signed into law the Mulford Act . CNNDebate GOPDebate
The question of who to put on the $ 10 bill in the republican presidential debate was the same as miss America pageant . CNNDebate
Donald Trump with a code name Humble ? ironic
Do the 11 guys even realize the irony : the plane in the background carried the guy who sold weapons to Iran ! GOPDebate hypocrisy
GOPDebate Lolzor can we just say how ironic is
Feeling like a tornado at work today and I look behind me and see this . ironic metal airforce…
Rand gives Jeb ! an unexpected and endearing moment of candor on pot , of all things . ididinhale GOPdebate
Im going to be at Club Milner , wearing blue slippers , and taking cold medicine while studying for human diseases
Um did a Bush just say we have `` entitled problems '' ? GOPDebate
Did a Brit just win AmericasGotTalent ? ironic
Wow Rubio using the term `` Operating Space '' to rebut Carson Ironic CNNDebate
with GOPDebate happening in California , i ` m surprised they had enough water available to satiate rubio
Irony : Condemning theocracy in the Middle East while simultaneously condemning the Constitution 's disagreement with `` God 's Law '' GOPDebate
`` Rosa Parks should be on the $ 10 bill , '' say representatives of party that wants to limit reproductive and gay rights . CNNDebate
funny ... huckabee apparently does n't know that he does n't know about separation of church and state
Us consulates respects diversity of this nation than our central govt.patheticirony
BBGOP says would never shake Iran 's hand- Reagan gave Ayatollah arms , birthday cake , a bible .
. flavored apple applewatch android Samsung AndroidAuto iOS9 androidmarshmallow
right , but women have the right to live the life they choose
Funny .. thinking about something .. one went to HD and the other works for them . men subtweet trusted
Preparing for tomorrow 's stand up comedy performance instead of watching the GOPDebate
Christie : Proud he voted for Regan . Will not do deals with Iran .
I love how Jeb Bush talking about how safe we were during George 's presidency segued straight into 9/11 talk . GOPDebate
Check your wallet and load your powder when Jeb speaks .
So iCarly would choose 'Secretariat ' as her code name .
Weeds talking about weed ?
Fifty-four thousand words : that ’ s how much textual information—is dumped on the average social media user per day Ironic SkubyThought
is contagious tonite .
. says if he 's elected POTUS , `` It will be a friendlier world . '' So says the guy who attacks everyone and everything .
Cruz : Conservatives are sick of winning elections and not getting the results they want . So they should elect me AGAIN . GOPDebate
So we live a world where you can be arrested for bringing a clock to school that you made yourself . ahmed sad ironic
I can not lie this is awesome . LOL hipster everywhere want this nostalgia piece . Make it ironic wear with leather
Apple 's first Android app wants you to stop using Android .
Obama , Cameron , Hollande , Merkel are all presiding over regimes that do not reflect the interests of their people . Brave new world .
Watched the GOP debate on Bernie Sanders live feed .
Take paracetamol and do n't medicate yourself ..
Why is is the days I need to leave at 8.15 we are never ready but the days it 's 8.45 we 're ready ridiculously early ?
Do n't mix play with work/study . notforme devious yesican multitask
So in today 's news , half the world is starving , while the other half are trying to lose weightirony migrantcrisis NYFW
Now he 's snoring & amp ; I 'm wide awake . 😒
. Chris Mathews lecturing on Trump behavior `` that 's soooo high school ''
So sleepy but ca n't sleep .. ironic
all those who know u little or do n't know u say `` But , whatever little I know of you I know you will can ...
Irony . The GOPDebate their anti-immigration rhetoric . Held at the Reagan Library ... the one president that provided amnesty to millions .
Joe Just complained about too much Trump at debate and then pivoted to a tease that he will again call into the show .
Bible Geek You 're talking about the 4 DNA bases , A , C , T and G. Which is HS material . He 's talking about DNA coding proteins .
24hr surveillance ? Candidate makes clear what CPC thinks ordinary Canadians should be under . elxn42 ironic
😂😂😂 marvel comic @ Mets , Athens
Prime minister of Malaysia drops out of anti-corruption conference due to allegations of corruption IACC16
I 've just heard the word `` Islamaphobia '' whoever has just created that deserves to be blown up by a massive homemade bomb
When someone tells me I 'm going to hell for not believing while they 're eighteen , not married , and have two kids . 😑
getting friendly with my zetto on bfic 's uni park while she is n't around . only here which has a real fresh air 😕 ironic
Spot the kkw15
Yeppers ! Ironic is n't it ?
StArtEverywhere : Work by whoamirony ● For the upfest Festival in Bristol , UK .. irony …
The hunger games just reminded me to watch the gap ? At lease we finally acknowledge what riding the lirr equates to MadeMeLaugh
Amazing that on TheOneShow & amp ; on LaterJools made more laugh playing Blues than they ever did as comedians !
Ah brilliant another train shambles , will miss connection as running late and stuck outside Earley ironic SWTrains
`` Are you happy with your depression ? '' shitdrssay depression
Do n't forget who the architects were of the original D & amp ; D scheme . With no consultation with members , now they 're saying not to vote ironic
Did someone remind him that he lost LS poll ? EkSawal Jhootley
Alex Oxlade-chamberlain , santi cazorla , olivier giroud & amp ; mikel arteta all looked out of touch.then arsené claims his team is `` alright ''
Ironic He 's afraid that there might not be an afterlife . I 'm terrified , because I believe there is .
I find it ironic that Victoria named a public pool after former PM Harold Holt lostatsea swimfan inmemorium
Park in Welly thanking NZ for taking refugees from Hungary after WW2.hypocrites refugeeswelcome refugees
Arab-looking man of Syrian descent found in garage building what looks like a bomb keepcoolandthink
so true ! ironic a must watch ! ! ! !
Seems like someone 's missing UK , all the anti-Britain rants & amp ; his complaints are very British ISIS Plonker
Trying to watch `` surreal '' Taiwanese video about how came to power , but ca n't because of his cheapskate NBN . auspol
Work by ● For the Festival in Bristol , UK .. irony whoamirony upfest bedminster bristol …
Straight to the bin .
Yeah Im Satired of it too !
people really do n't care .
I ca n't wait to see Dwight Howard clang 10 fourth quarter free throws , while wearing the 'Clutch City ' jersey.irony
7 billion people on this planet ... not even 1 asked to be here ! Yet we are responsible for it ! ironic
Avoiding all social media sites until I caught up on Bake off , until I overheard someone reading a tweet aloud on the train ironic GBBO
I get better WiFi on a Hotspot , than I got from Comcast when I paid , & amp ; better than 2 of my neighbors who pay !
RT : My face after reading Ann Coulter 's `` F -- -ing Jews : tweet.Yep ... she 's not going to have a career much longer . o o
do n't you see the of offering solace to a kid whose counterparts overseas have fallen victim to your drone strike bombings ?
If buffallo get chance to speak , 1st question if we give birth to baby girl , you happy , then why you are n't happy when baby girl born
`` But I though you like me '' bride ink drawing art cartoon…
Kwikfit are the slowest motherfuckers in the game ironic
morning joe saying people hate it when they gang up on one candidate . then goes on a 40 minute anti HillaryClinton tear
this is why I unfriend you
Work by ● For the Festival in Bristol , UK .. irony whoamirony upfest…
When I had my pre-Aliyah `` Raid The Rabbi '' book giveaway , my copy of Atlas Shrugged went untaken .
what is that like ... the Soviet definition of or something ? Very difficult 2 steal encrypted currencies comrades . HollywoodPitch
I 'm too small to always be the bigger person Ironic
regram Work by ● For the Festival in Bristol , UK .. irony whoamirony upfest bedmins…
I heard cops like donuts ... but this is just ridiculous kindaironic ironic donuts cop…
Journalist does n't want to be interviewed because her work speaks for itself survey research
My new work crew at my old work place ironic SuperSquad squadgoals supervisors starbucks…
downwithbrokers “ : Angry brokers attack property startup called - wait for it - NoBroker .
dei , your chinese is showing . LOL
I literally just had a conversation about haters ironic lol
16 hours a day at the office & amp ; he is 'Employee of the Month ' . 1 hour a week at the playground and he 's 'Worlds Best Dad ' ☺
LETTER : Cuban lesson in - BDlive
just killed itself ... WHAT ACTUALLY IS WITH TERI AND PACHAURI
YEG catholic school board trustee says transgenders have a mental disease . Says the person who believes in a little man in the sky
I thought I will be okay .
More funny is the misogynist comment on the post ! ! ! !
I hate social media on most days .
Its Ironic how total Strangers fuck with me and my musik more than the ones that actually know me ! ! DaSigns ! ! 👀
Then I think oh yeah that 's how I eat we live and they starve . Oh well ... Ironic
Donald Trump was an option the quiz ... haha ironic finovate
Iranian forces fired mortar shells at Pakistan 's town Mashkail , On one side India is firing at LoC & amp ; on other side Iran & amp ; Afghanistan
Arnold Schwarzenegger , replacing Donald Trump as Celebrity Apprentice his , is an immigrant .
CPC apparently has a new campaign slogan : Re-elect Stephen Harper for 24 Hour Surveillance ! elxn42 C51
Russia Cartoon 4 Bilderberg Lobbyists : Yet WikiLeaks , Snowden fled 2 .. hmm , OWS TPP GH2015 TLV GE2015
is when you wear lipstick called cathedral and you look like demon . Ugh but I look so good .
FYI - when requesting something to be quieter , do n't use the shouty all caps .
Immigrants bring to Europe what they are supposedly running from . Violence and and an evil ideology .
A little ironic to see Anthony Weiner was actually hired at a `` high powered '' pr firm . Who thought that up ?
Not on social media , promotes it . mlkdod uwyo mlkdod
Immigrants want a better life yet abuse and cause destruction when they arrive . Fields full of rubbish and litter across Europe .
Turns out most social media marketing students do n't like Twitter smm130
IWonTheJackpotAnd died the next day . Ironic
Yo , I 'm up early fixin ' a oxtail and cheese omelette right this minute .
is there ANYTHING better than Zolak calling another QB 's career `` Pathetic '' ? mirrorselfie
The is one big , fat personality cult ! The self-proclaimed CIC . lol
This does not instill confidence in your product . Ironic Fail
- When Americans do n't get sarcasm .
Hey , , my mailbox wo n't be so full if you stop sending me `` Your mailbox is almost full '' messagesirony
Two of each , yet they broadcast on DAB in mono !
SkrewyNews Shoplifter Tried to Cut Through That Annoying Plastic Packaging With a Knife and Stabbed Himself
mikloshvanEgan : Russia Cartoon 4 Bilderberg Lobbyists : Yet WikiLeaks , Snowden fled 2 .. hmm , OWS TPP … … Without Snowden , how …
Forgot how the pcaa were champions + advocates for us LGBTQ students growing up in AB in early 00 's . ableg
I 'll follow you , you follow me . breakrightthrough myplace
Sam Newman having a go at someone 's grammar . Try pronouncing names & amp ; suburbs correctly first Sam samsmailbag
and then the CPC turned around and used them ....
They get all uppity about men enjoying themselves , while using battery operated peckers to enjoy themselves.irony
Republicans hate Obama for his `` executive actions . '' But the candidates want u to know about all the executive actions they 'll take .
Reading about demise of daily print edition in print version . Ironic
oh ole girl condemned CNN for using only white analysts to discuss `` her black history and life ! ''
Donald Trump as `` Humble '' was the best code name suggestion ! LOL ! ! ! !
Funny , the states do n't like the feds telling them what to do . Apparently not a 2-way street w/ cities . Ironic
are we counting bridge kickbacks or not in this one ?
Oh , the irony ... open not Brighton UK closed
When you 're tired and the `` x '' is next to the `` z '' on a qwerty keypad tired typo
`` I didnt make this to alarm anyone . `` `` Well , what is it ? `` `` It 's an alarm clock . `` IronyAhmedMohamed
Russia Cartoon 4 Bilderberg Lobbyists : Yet WikiLeaks , Snowden fled 2 .. hmm , OWS TPP GH2015 TLV GE2015 … Without Snowden , ho…
Russia Cartoon 4 Bilderberg Lobbyists : Yet WikiLeaks , Snowden fled 2 .. hmm , OWS TPP GH2015 TLV GE2015 … Without Snowden , ho…
Oh the of someone using the ( made up ) word 'idioticness . ' idiocy
mikloshvanEgan : Russia Cartoon 4 Bilderberg Lobbyists : Yet WikiLeaks , Snowden fled 2 .. hmm , OWS TPP … … Without Snowden , how …
ironic but funny still
DJ - the modern day musician minus the boring hours of rehearsals and long tones . redemption
rowling real account
Seems like the business you have has a bad view of women . When women are your business . Ironic
So there 's a large bird of prey walking on 95 @ exit 354 southbound . And I 'm tweeting about it ...
Hey , I USE the product bc I am ALLERGIC to pets etc , therefore do n't own a pet ! fail freemeds ?
Was planning to exercise yet i ended up eating 2 bars of chocolates . 😹😂 anghirap
taylor Mandatory Democracy . Not voting is a legit political statement .
Heard highway to hell on the way to work this morning ironic tryingtotellmesomething
u dont know ? D most `` professional '' person was ditched by 4lions coz of his lack of d same .
looks almost identical to the space allocated for cyclists at traffic lights !
This Is A Sound Application and Insight W/ Respect to His ‘ Law of Relativity . ’ Ironic
Just seen a guy with a superman tshirt struggling with his bags
Haha , very good ! businessjokes
Russia Cartoon 4 Bilderberg Lobbyists : Yet WikiLeaks , Snowden fled 2 .. hmm , OWS TPP GH2015 TLV GE2015 … Without Snowden , ho…
Half of the family gets heated up deciding what minimum temperature to fix , for the AC .
En masse transfer of Canadians ' personal info to the IRS starts just in time for Right to Know Day .
`` It 's a free ride , when you already paid '' Ironic 💭
Republicans bicker & amp ; berate each other at R.Reagan 's library like nobody remembers his 11th Commandment GOPDebate MissedOpportunity
mikloshvanEgan : Russia Cartoon 4 Bilderberg Lobbyists : Yet WikiLeaks , Snowden fled 2 .. hmm , OWS TPP … … Without Snowden , how …
Former Prime Minister D M Jayarathna ( L ) greets President during an event politics Srilanka
Hard not to love the of MotherTeresa on the $ 20 . GOPDebate
That moment when you 're at the dentist and the song ICan'tFeelMyFace comes on . ironic
Those defending Rahman are from the religion he left , while those against him are the ones from the religion he embracedIrony fb
He would n't have a spot at MIT if it was n't for xenophobes that already feel like foreigners are taking spots in their universities .
And is a anti-bully spokesperson
DISPUTE Fight breaks out in Japanese parliament over vote on whether to abandon 70yrs of pacifism
When a guy with a shirt that says `` Life Coach '' wears cargo shorts
When you go shopping and then that store emails you a 50 % off coupon 45mins later Grrr FML ironic notfair
RWNJ Rush Limbaugh cites non existent law of comedy that requires only true things can be funny.ironic SelfSatire
Updating phone to iOS9 . It says you get an extra hour of battery life ... as long as my battery does n't die before the update is done.iRONY
Why are there so many people at Target ? Do n't these people work anymore ? Go back to work , dammit .
How about we celebrate Constitution Day by pretending the 14th Amendment does n't really mean what it says ?
Healthy ? Psh , I can be healthy when im dead .
Yeah right . Nobody believes you
Should I really need to folllw sturbacks Spain ... Being a proper white girl is so hard TheNewBrokenScene
I love playing pretend every day ... Obviously im fine !
TBT to when I was possibly not sober enough to spell idiot .
There 's a word for this , right ? What is it ? Yes . A word I love ... irony . GOPDebate
live by apple , die by apple
Ironic truth : WhiteGenocide believers contribute to their own `` genociding '' by being such whiny bitches , they render themselves unfuckable
keeping me hydrated while my clothes get dehydrated . ironic letitspin
Ben I do too . The branching off of one group of streamers into a name-calling , snide bunch of panty wastes is n't cool.irony
Racism from Romanians ?
In 24 hours I 'll be screaming my lungs out for the team in white at Twickenham that is not the English and I 'm half English RWC2015
I want to go to a talk on economic inequality tonight . ticket = £10 . talk would be relevant to my research . Price a bit much for me . ironic
10 times was a bitch
The nuttiest cookie packaging I 've seen . ironic cookiesinclouds skeeternutfree ✈️🍪⛅️
Nothing like being at & amp ; being locked out of ur account , and no one from support gets back to u help
We showed character ... ironic LFC
Missed the howlround chat on Season Planning , because of poor planning . ironic dontchathink
`` You should learn to shoot first , Solo . `` ―Boba FettIronic StarWars
When Congress passed law in 2004 mandating that I teach about the Constitution today did they check Art . I for the power to do so ? ironic
`` All Indians are my brothers and sisters '' , recited the soon-to-become couple .
Tories yank '24 hour surveillance ' stickers placed ( by their own team ) on signs in Harper 's riding hilarious
Have you noticed that most girls named becky have nice butts ? ironic
Business was created to revolve around people 's need ironic
Some people call losing a baseball game `` gutless . '' Actually I 'd use that term to describe whining about it .
Tim Faron tells evening standard in fr page interview covered over 2 days that Lab MPs can contact him confidentially about concerns .
Invite - thing whr ppl ask you to send you an invitation asking them to come/join.ironyex - send me an 1+2 Invite please .
ohtheirony ironic billc51 backfired . Oh Harper ... Such an embarrassment .
Python is now 5th most popular programming languages . Yet Python Jobs in India is
The Ronny knockers will be raging Deila never came off his line when losing our 2n goal.Ronny it 's your fault why did n't you catch it
Aaah ... I forgot that for they probably Ohno is still a virgin and this girl and him started yesterday 8D
In a religion class and not one damn person said `` bless you '' when I sneezed
So my TL is divided in opinions on katti batti n guess wat , it 's still nt released in theatres : P
I have to write a 900 word essay on an Academic Journal about writers block due tomorrow 😅 . Needless to say I have writers block . ironic
😡😒😡Dude calls dirty & amp ; cheap ? Calls me out 4 being blind ? Lol . Aggression is part of football . Guy 's a TiCat fan taboot !
Japanese politicians brawl in parliament ... in debate about pacifism tragic ...
elephant God just for few days heartbreaking but true ganpatibappamaurya
A text-messaging mailman . Ironic , am I right ? Today 's Beefs & amp ; Bouquets…
writing unit tests while listening to music from the Portal soundtrack
Huge congratulations to and for announcing their pregnancy ! ironic
Watching Shinners tweet endlessly about so called refugees . Absolutely barking mad ! economicmigrants
While listening to episode on screen time , I missed striking stats on child development & amp ; TV b/c I looked at my phone .
I do my best studying while listening to Future and Lil B ironic
8123 mom You 're discussing religion and ask for evidence ?
Still dun get it how people can stay on twitter all day and I ca n't stand it for 10 minutes.irony
R v going 2 ban in India as it celebrated his BDay with d tribute theme MFHussain of fundamentalism
I mean , has anyone ever seen someone looking happy to be stood outside holding a placard ... Supposed to be promoting their employer ? ironic
I 'm in a cafeteria inside an office building in Toronto with people speaking Mandarin , yet I feel like the foreigner Toronto
Plethora of sports channel in India but sadly no one is broadcasting HerosXI vs ROWXI cricket match tonite . cricket india
the bheast complaining because someone went public and the tool does the very same thing !
Deadly in Zion National Park flash flooding
74 So looking north it 's the Far Right .
I just saw a woman smoking outside of whole foods ... now that 's funny ! ironic laughoftheday
Making my clothes dirty , while my clothes are getting clean . ironic letitspin
No matter what , Cirkus terrace will not close works montreal laurier plateau
Ask him if he knows who you are . thatguy
yes but Steve is saying , alcohol , which kills MANY more than all drugs combined is legal ...
`` who simply want to say don ’ t arrest us or don ’ t discriminate against us , '' said Bobby Jindal about Christians
nails it ! Yep ,
4G was good while it lasted ! Thanks for the heads up . Poor communication from a telecommunications provider . No4GSignal
And that 's the for the day : ) Ironic
. She matters to who forgave her Jew-hating rant even though his whole shtick is to hate Jew-hating ranters .
no you are ironic
Lol ... Jack check this out !
fighter was it a black fly in your chardonnay ? ironic
The people who are claiming to be `` happy '' for me now that I 'm almost on top are the same ones who were kicking me when I was down Ironic
Since I am studying medicine , I ca n't get rid of the idea to call the first white horse I purchase Candida Albicans . equestrian
is getting the satisfaction survey while riding yet another delayed train after a 12 hr day thisswillbefun njtransit
I think it 's funny that the cnndebate set a CNN all time viewer record during a Republican event
ironyfail or win I ca n't tell
Does anyone else find it ironic that the Houston permit office has a really difficult parking lot to navigate ? deliciousirony
The US helped create Iran 's nuclear program and gave them weapons grade uranium . The program is literally older than Obama . IranDeal
our dog died last October . She ate brussel sprouts .
A hippy Porsche
paul Interestingly there ’ s no web component , so no ads to block . All the ads on the  TV are free to generate revenue .
Palm oil at risk as haze envelops world 's biggest growers | TODAYonline
Why does the have a Twitter account & amp ; not post to it ? BirdThatDoesn'tTweetirony
coming from a supporter of a club pretending to be Rangers that sing the famine song and songs about uvf uda terrorists
Everyone is posting pictures of the PSL saying `` welcome fall '' ... but all of their PSL are iced , or frozen ... pslhater sorrynotsorry
Just read this article in a serif font on a mobile device . mobile Web : Another nail in serif 's coffin
I hope ad blocking tech takes off . I for one ca n't wait to pay for every bit of content I want to consume ios9 adblocker
Funny the supporters claiming is n't the conservative she claims to be
Lovely boys club , just lovely !
Oh dear being persecuted over your faith , God forbid you would have to get on a boat & amp ; go somewhere else auspol
Good morning night coderlife : ) humornegro
Wait . Are flares back in style because my legs would be so happy if this is indeed a fact skinniesmakemefeellarge
so Ionic is a tool to build apps on HTML based on Angular and Cordova ? Still it is at least currently for iOS and Android only ? ironic wtf
can I get my money back then mate ? Ruined by audience members , and if I 'm honest , most of them were Scottish haha Ironic
Globe journalists prove was a boring host by talking . ironic moronic
The only times I ’ ve been DMCAd were by big xian publishing companies…
Iran ..... Israel ...... and irony ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Israel
I complained to the council about a noisy grate waking my baby . They come out to fix it past 9pm ! ! dontknowwhatsworse Help
So it 's wrong to be a Scottish , Welsh , English nationalist but perfectly fine to be a British nationalist ? hypocrisy
Walked into the dentist office and what was playing on the radio ? `` I cant feel my face when I 'm with you ... ''
So HE knows you commit the sin of bigotry ... cuz youre white .
It 's like when you stop caring thats when everyone wants you to Ironic
I bet is not part of the English curriculum at this school .
yep , yet its your taxes getting used to bomb these countries forcing them to be refugees .
Deadly in Zion National Park flash flooding
Government that treats people like cattle . Quick hide the detention centres ironic bbcqt
When you pray for life to slow down a bit .
Right . But Zionism matters most to Jews as a whole . And most Jews voted for Obama . ironic
We wont wake up until we 're dead . truth hadith islam Ahlulbayt
The of walking in a bright flashing downtown crosswalk and being yelled at by speeding motorists to pay attention ....
Do NOT sep arate
Socialism in a nut shell folks
Tried walking on the grass so it would be better on my knees and ended up falling in a hole and sprained my ankle ironic
The words & amp ; hypocrisy , are being tortured ; House votes to end frivolous lawsuits , while preparing to file frivolous lawsuit !
Interesting irony-see MountainMen on TV trapping/skinning animals , then in the middle of the show see a commercial for . hmmm ironic
seriously what 's your response , let 's hear it . worthless
Not one , but TWO popup ads on a article about ... people using ad blocking software in iOS 9 .
Nocturnus Libertus is a Pink Floyd fan ? ! .. who woulda ' thought ? ?
Let 's see . One is perfectly okay , the other , a `` threat . `` Interesting.AhmedMohamed guncontrol terrorism
Excited : on bbcqt next week . Then realised - I will be in Athens working with Greek partners . I will watch catch up
Xcel energy adds an affordability charge to their bill .
Missing it , again . Ironic
Some in the party suggest my support 4 Corbyn is only about myself , letting down the poor unemployed and vulnerable like ... myself
Remember how Americans bought the Laura Secord chocolates store ?
' I love
Two young liberal men fighting over female quotas auspol
nuagenetworks : RT vebutton : Docker and Ironic - a match made in heaven NuageNetworks Openstack Ironic Docker
Funny sign at The Ridge humor
can not believe you retweeted someone called 'married 2 the gym ' ! !
Palm oil at risk as haze envelops world 's biggest growers | TODAYonline
I just got a cold call from an audiology place and there was so much line interference I hung up , saying `` I ca n't hear anything '' .
riceless2 do you mean 'dumber ' ? Haha - in fairness that is brilliant though lol
Old time newspaper excludes a renowned parliamentarian from leaders ' debate . Social media says , Ha ! Watch this !
In Which I Learn Why There Are No Great Women Composers via ironic womeninmusic composers
At dentist and a song is playing on the radio , `` I ca n't feel my face when I 'm with you ''
My favourite part of that exchange is the caller saying 'our soldiers died for freedom of speech ' while lambasting Corbyn 's use of it
I 'm the black icon all I can say is lol
Sick of seeing tits and arse when you 're SUPPOSED to be modelling CLOTHES a
Er , that 's your brother George standing on the RUINS of the World Trade Centre . Which he failed to protect .
Empty swimming pools galore in Miami DigidayDPS
I was about to call you a piece of trash ironic
I wrote my name in the sand & amp ; the tide washed it away ironic painting California Florida art
Warlocks I find this so hilarious with how much they talk about not understanding Minecraft . HappyAnniversary
India the same people who campaign against towers crib that their network does n't work
Neuroscience really messes with your head
When you 're rocking running gear head to toe but also smoking spotted
How To Generate More Web Traffic Without Being Sleazy : SEO
After 2 years of divisiveness , broken promises and industrial strength bullshit the Libs opt for INSTABILITY and get a polls boost !
Sounds like some sort of middle class coffee shop optimistic gonorrhoea `` super '' !
Has anyone ever wondered what hashtags are for ? What is it for ? Who came up with it.Confused
invisibleillness forces us to deny many of our thoughts in order to keep living spoonies
istandwithahmed ( with iSep ) [ pic ] —
Greenpoint Cats be like ... Ironic @ Brooklyn Greenpoint NY
the of Florida officials being banned from using the words climateChange to GlobalWarming . byeFelicia
It 's a good advice that you just ca n't take ironic
. `` I love that I can just be myself with you . '' ironic catchmeifyoucanGR circletweetseat
Based on what I 've seen so far , none of the leaders have capitalized on the topic of economy . elxn42 GlobeDebate cndpoli rimshot
When you read a short story for class and it literally matches every aspect of what 's happening in your own life today ... mindblown
Just tried to swipe left to turn the page of a physical book about a woman 's struggle with technology addiction .
Selling relaxation is exhausting ! ! Time for a bath . lushlife jobperks
ak Seems like it 'd fit better if you went to work today .
Is it really a year since the Scots voted to keep the Union . How time flies . Meanwhile the nation is actually split politically .
`` To back Mr. Trump , these voters must repudiate everything they believe . '' Yep GOP Crazy Christian
Ramona walked away from the reunion set over nude photos ... and almost flashed her cooch in the process of getting up . RHONY
is celebrating Japan on same day as ending of article9
I 'm by myself In a house full of family ironic
Cuntoon it 's funny , you make fun of Clinton but are just as militaristic as she is .
ok , i still do n't understand how does it work twitter , but , i admit that is funnyironic paradisecityjaja
We want COAS to do PM 's job -- - And -- -- Want PM to do Military Chief 's job . Peshawar Badaber
Do creditcard companies think that I will want their promotion the 47th time i shred the letter they send ? funny
Query : Can you have TWINS in onesies ?
Deadly in Zion National Park flash flooding
Either u work hard or sleep a lot . U ca n't do anything next day .
coming from the guy wearing the Raiders , Jets and Cardinals caps Ironic
when your mom comes home with In N Out 😂 ironic
The fact that people are claiming to be insulted and referring to her as a `` slut '' in the process really makes me laugh .
Ban Testing on Animals but Outrage when Ban of slaughtering them to Eat them !
The Lord works in mysterious ways on proved it to the msm today tcot p2 cnndebate
I got chocolate on my workout shirt .
: `` cabby B '' honking B/C `` cabby A '' wo n't move from the spot that NEITHER of them are suppose to be in anyway .
The RTF format spec is a DOCX file .
I did n't think this place had wifi until I engaged with other human beings who told me we had wifi . ironic sortof
Says `` The King of KochWorld '' Another sign we 've gone Through the Looking Glass
Pretty sure I learned most of the stuff covered by the proserve by not drinking responsibly ...
Photos : Japan ’ s lawmakers have a fistfight over pacifism culture
Together , Trudeau and Mulcair look like an advent candle globedebate elxn42
Scoping and this is the suggested tweet that comes up .
Understandable . ironic nosebleeding GreysAnatomy
Just struck me that JonStewart retired shortly after one of his early cast got the Late Show on CBS . How 's that for a Passover . ironic
I 'm going to Richmond for Worlds . My sister lives in VA Beach . Guess where she will be ? Up here at her HS reunion .
There 's so many beautiful things going on here hardnews scout
Now we need the guy that we voted out .... karma ironic
Funny how they say to give our UNCONDITIONAL love to the boys when the company itself ca n't even do it .
Just had an ad pop up on a piece I was reading about ad-blocking . I 'm on the blower to Natalie Imbruglia as we speak ironic
I fought the world only to get shot by her , the one I was fighting for . shortstory
M Hayward Hopefully the Animals version .
Tick -- tock .. Talibeard your time is nigh ! ! FashionPolice overrated kale ironic byebye
Shaking her head in derision watching the stoners on the movie half baked , with a bong in her hand .pothead
I think she 's trying to be edgy and ironic bc latinas will say similar things to black women but like ...
The more a capcom FG ages and `` becomes relatively obscure '' the better the comp gets and the more I enjoy watching the matches .
Harper takes credit for reducing greenhouse gas emissions elxn42
So PM Malcolm Turnbull really give it all the pope does n't sell a polls boost !
When you unexpectedly wear a USA shirt today , and it 's constitution day . ironic
lildickyRichhomie fettywap $ ave That Money , ironic
When you 're talking really loudly and do n't realize it because you have headphones in ... and your working at a library ...
Tried to look up Cinderella episode info for Faerie Tale Theatre on IMDB ... Could n't see it bc of so many Cinderella movie pop-ups
`` An Open Letter to People Who Use Hashtags ''
When people use ironic instead of coincidence in a sentence ... it 's ironic.irony
The thing that eventually takes down the Trump campaign may be one of his supporters .
When says `` rich people '' and then points to himself priceless elxn42 GlobeDebate
Did you know in the giant brontosaurus on the way to Palm Springs is a Creationist museum ? GoFigure mindblown ironic funfact
fight in japanese parliament during debate over pacifism ironic lol funny wtf weird weirdnews gtfo
Nice work AFR on finding photos of four faceless men - with faces
IT IS A BIG THOSE WHO LOST EVERYTHING IN INDEPENDENCEMOVARENOT EVEN MENTIONED
ironic things : Babalawos dnt have money and the do money rituals for pple . Add urs
BMWs never die says his sticker . Well yours has pal . ironic
I assume 'blue on universities and get a polls boost !
Just been to an Alcoholics Anonymous office that is located between a pub and a brewery . Oh the
When social platforms and contributors generated content platforms becomes the new news mainstream ..
wish you would realise the same with England cricket team Kevin .
Wearing gym gear to go on a Maccas run
morning joe complaining the GOPDebate was all about trump but joey starts every show with a 30 minute trump BLOW JOB
When people in the Oil & amp ; Gas industry start buying electric cars I question how much they value their own jobs ... ironic
I say nigga & amp ; you call me an expired mayo jar lmfao . go be ignorant out my mentions corn
Well even that happened in bible & amp ; koran
And that I type from a phone
Congratulations With least airports minimal air connectivity in state you achieved so much
“ Ahh miss type . ” / Oh the
reveals that peakoil no longer a problem . Reason ? Drilling now possible in Arctic thanks to climatechange
Arghh jheeeezzzz neck pain is such a pain in the neck , literally ! !
Migrants throwing rocks at the Hungarian Border - where 's THEIR humanity now ? IronicMigrantCrisis
She used to get twitchy when colleagues could n't pronounce Gnanasegaram ! Ironic
Calendar good for herand yet Evan blocked me once for being too much of a bisexual activist . ironic
Ironically , In 1947 , Art Display was started in the attic above a butcher shop . sign history thebutchershop
of course I then tweet in color lol
( in a good way )
Almost got rear ended by a AAA truck .
`` This is n't Russia '' says Jersey CZAR USAmericans practicesquad
Everytime she says she will kill me , i feel alive ! justsaying
If you were as annoying as the article claimed then everyone would know - it would n't need an article to point it out !
Yeah one ca n't compare the urgancy of enforcing laws p2 hates with laws they love tcot
Big blow to Nehru dynasty comes from Mamata declassifying files . Not from 282+ govt . BoseFiles
Oh , the irony ! irony hipster illsutration art strip comic funny
How do you know I 'm white ? WhyHate whites anyway ? hater
annoyed by everyone and everything even when i know im the annoying one . ironic
and yet queues of people outside the job centre picking up giros ....
To the UKIPPER who shouted 'Nationalist Scum ' at me . You 're the one waving a national flag & amp ; banging on about patriotism . ironystillyes
If she had the required US Gov email they would already have them . HillaryEmail
Guy so preoccupied with with social media ... dude , it 's happening right in front of your face ! notinthemoment
That 's right , I 've been locked out of the system used to reset your password ! Irony CircularReference Trapped
I 'm a polls boost !
Got to be some huge twist to come - he did n't have an affair at all , meanwhile she has one ... DrFoster
People vying for the parking spots closest to the door at the Y .
Its a free ride ... when you already paid . ironic
racist from israel on a xenophobic rant is she does n't know she 's white jews a religion never a race
Karthi used to get twitchy when colleagues could n't pronounce Gnanasegaram ! Ironic
22 saying someone is too skinny ... ifyouaretheone
Reverse Civil Engineering istanbul istanbuldayasam
`` Women are the ball ... '' Sounds familiar ... think I might have heard that before
No you just looked foolish sharing a story , making a sweeping racial declaration all while being ignorant of the facts
Played the most intense nightfall in my life this morning with and clutch revives and I got alpha lupi
Observation : Scots who complain about Corbyn & amp ; GSTQ are same people who claim refugees should be fighting for their country . ironic
I used to feel bad for having standards . Tonight showed I need to raise them lmao ironic
thanks . Time is a luxury I just do n't have at the moment ! ironic
Guy and on show says do n't want to hear sound bites then says `` no leadership ''
This is the nationalism rather than `` patriotism '' that Orwell complained about . ironic
So tired , need more coffee , but too tired to make it .
install a coach ? 😀 yeswecampo Maybe if the AFC still had reserves players playing this may not be happening
Talk Who ever said Democracy has anything to do with resolving conflicts ?
Driver just flew thru a school zone on Scarsdale in Htown noticethestickers
has reportedly banned pens being taken into Dismaland because of graffiti on exhibits - at its best 😂
was kidding about eBay , most of theirs are made in israel
The views approaching the summit were truly breathtaking despite a work-related phone call Ironic Arran
I guess Fiorina forgot the role Hillary2016 played in the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act . GOPDebate
is in India one has to take care of both their own problems & amp ; the problems of others ' others just because they are distant relatives !
time to deliver say the English footballer
The is now a collection of dozens of articles wrt , all of them explaining his irrelevance . not their forte .
Save the heart-beating fetuses as per , giv'em birth and abuse them as an unwanted child . nonsense PlannedParenthood
Schools policy by shadow education Lucy Powell ignored by same press attacking Corbyn on women 's rep jez4pm
Dora calls herself an explorer , but exclusively travels through mapped areas-Eshan Wells 2k15
Kinda like how the people deciding appointments to the NPA view court findings as are merely opinion . fail
New Rule : Advertise yourself to remain in the ReckoningIrony
Wow , one of my tweets has been seen 20 times . Bring forth the d'Asti ! Ironic
i associate flying the `` confederate flag '' with the Nazi flag . 😂 They 're both symbols of racial discrimination .
Why It 's So Important to Unplug from Technology technology
ironic Saw your tweet & amp ; I 'm watching DiamondsAreForever
fraser `` Pledge '' ! ! ! ! !
gov't name = Robert Williams RickRoss gov't name = William Roberts MMG
Big boss not coming today . Pure productive 3 hours ahead !
`` You gatta be a student to be a great teacher and sometimes you gatta follow to be a good leader ''
So I forgot to take my ginko baloba this morning . ironic thisis40
I was told I 'm too nice ... I need me some haters ... lolol . ironic
Ironic that people who think they are a better than others because of income or intelligence are actually the lowest people I know .
of Left being upset that someone said Obama a Muslim is hilarious . Liberalism is a mental disorder . TCOT
Hungary which made a significant donation to the victims of communism memorial . Huh . cdnpoli
According to the left , being a Muslim is NOT a BAD thing . So why get ruffled that someone called Obama a Muslim ? 😒
When you ca n't pay your cable bill because your internet is too slow NYC
You said this week that there are consequences for the jokes you make ... face your consequence from us nurses NursesUnite ironic
When you read the text message wrong and miss your eye exam appt . LOL Thought it was going to be at 1pm , ...
Talk about Irony ... Ashley Madison 's CEO claims he is faithful husband ... irony hacking marriage onlineprivacy
but they have enough bandwidth to tweet and post on Facebook at the same time
Googling `` how to tie a tie '' for my dad 's wedding because my dad was n't around to teach me how 😂😂
The guy with the `` Do n't Tread on Me '' flag for a profile pic is arguing that the govt needs to continue to keep marijuana illegal
Deadly in Zion National Park flash flooding
if only Christians were as judgemental about themselves ...
There is nothing as great as being sick , have all-day heahache and feeling like ... actually , not feeeling at all . sick weekend
not your kid - but definitely this kid . This kids picture is totally okay . badphotochoice
huh ... not even in race ... too much hatergonnahate reiders
Sssssh , do n't tell anyone , but I had a 45 minute lunch break . I should only have 30 minutes
Oh , the irony ! Ironic
Obama brags about cutting the deficit . But , deficits are exactly what the Fed needs to monetize in order to keep the party going .
Remember this ? Pregnant Darla campaigns for the lovableness of Pit Bulls . Her Pit kills her . FlashbackFriday
THIS ! ! ! But really it 's the leftist ( including leftist Muslims ) who get the most insulted notreally
Smoke a cigarette in front of a fire station . Now that 's
Pitching an already successful model is tougher than pitching a new one startup pitching goldenTicket
Daily Cartoon : Friday , September 11th
Love how people `` hate '' someone yet respond to their tweets ironic
Funny how most girls w kids or have kids on the way were on birth control & amp ; here I am w/o birth control yet still not pregnant ironic 🐸☕️
Want to enquire about hearing aid insurance . You have to phone them ...
Well that 's a first . I 've just been blocked by someone I had on mute anyway . ironic
How come a nurse and first responder ( My mom & amp ; Me ) got every medicine but not a single band aid at this house . FML Ironic
otherwise , Lizard people ?
Guess who is a substitute PE teacher today ? ! ? ! Not bad for the former fat kid . Ironic
most likely people who know absolutely nothing about it in the first place ironic
A little bit of CrystalFighters
Image via We Heart It [ animated ] ariel funny ironic panda
Is it ironic or a coincidence ? Learn the true meaning of the word by watching 5 stories by O. Henry , the master of the ironic twist .
Abellio Greater Anglia escalates minor delay into major delay into cancellation so smoothly . Lucky to have them as train provider .
Black violence by a state which I 'm guessing u want to give more power too sherman25
xo literally just copped colombian coffee once you tweeeted this ironic 😭😭
ironic `` They hired a pro on who then listed their apartment on Airbnb ''
When you search for google images of standing desk ergonomics many of the pictured women are in heels . Kinda defeats the purpose ..
Neither fighting ISIS nor helping refugees , the solution to the war is removing the only one who can stop it
today is an kinda day ironic
. Is Hillary retweet of this definition of or just an example ? Hard to say . CREAM
haug lifty Wood86 if ye want that to work do n't think there should be a space .
30 mins wasted . javascript had a typo : 'detials ' . A literal lack of attention to details . twas a waste of time , but comedic gold . js
lmao I hate my advertising class
Misspelled , fuckwit !
Ok .. My doggies lost. , I ca n't stand he is a bigger grub than ennis ! But I 'm going for the Sharks now ... ironic
Montreal is the craziest place . -Me , while high on mushrooms at 3 am on a Sunday . Toronto Comedy ShowBiz Haters StandUp
That 's really funny , my phone auto corrects devops with devil .
IamAsfandYar khwaja Asifs presence in this mans funeral was n insult to the sacrifice he made Ironic that Khwaja had the gall 2 b there
👈 ROFL ... A shot of 😂
`` Do n't feed the hipsters '' t-shirt on a dude in skinny jeans carrying a longboard . Sorry u ca n't grow a beard , bro .
It always cracks me up when I see people at the gym continually driving around trying to get a closer parking spot ironic
When birtherism is the death of campaign will that be poetic ironic awesome or dalloftheabove ?
Exchange an email from the 'Director of Customer Experience ' telling me I ca n't get my results until I pay membership again .
Went to get two front tires from and drove off with a nail on my back tire 😒 isthishowtheydobusiness IWastheretoBuyTires ironic
Downloaded iOS9 & amp ; opened the AppleNews app to read this
A1 are currently stuck .. on the A1 : )
DylannRoof was so eager to kill , but does n't want to die . Figures ... Evil UnfitToLive CharlestonShooting
I was agin C Flack last year and look how that worked out.Typical . Shd maybe get down the bookies and bet on my agin-ee ?
Financial Liquidity is not Market LiquidityDo CBs get this ? More QE will be the crash catalystIrony
Just got a spam email advertising `` Painless Profreading '' courses .
Note to self : while is a huge joke itself , it has absolutely no sense of humor .
murray is that britains Andy Murray ?
I love my friends . inbox ironic lyrics
Palm trees on a gloomy weather .. ironic
FreeEnglishCourse . Lesson 11. and Coincidence . LearnEnglish with MisterDuncan . Captioned VideoClasses .
No mention of how Watson 's last try was from a cross field kick where he stole the ball from a player .
I 've always been described as curious , so this sounds like pretty good news ! : ) irony curiosity
Pics with deepsense of
He Finally Gets In Trouble , but for NOT saying something ! Trump2016 TRUMPTHEATER DonaldTrumpforPresident
I think 50 % of the song in the world lately is about love and it does n't still make a difference
Few things are funnier than me realizing Frank Cho was a pro pre-Spider-Gwen cover only due to this tweet ... Irony
Quite . Along with much else . I feel there should be a Goodbye magazine full of celebrities shunning publicity .
Overheard on the street : I do n't gots a smartphone I gots an iPhone . cantmakethisshitup NYC humanityhasjumpedtheshark
Picked up my ( very camp ) family cat 's ashes from vets today . I will survive came on the radio .
UKIP bloke thinks This Is England is brilliant Gogglebox
and it was free .
OneTimeinClass I had to introduce the person sitting right next to me to the class . His name was Jack . My name is Jill .
The most dangerous is , people are angry with others because of their own incompetence . AmitKalantri
It 's ironic that people want porn stars , prostitutes and other sex workers to leave the industry but then shun those of us who do .
Wow , the 3rd floor of Lockwood is allowing me to blend right in . Every workstation on this end is occupied by someone Asian .
Except in what they have their own interest ........ Irony
`` Peace , but for podcasts . '' FakeProductHunt
They wo n't mind if you close up early for one night Sorry mate .
Former sex workers risk losing the careers they ’ ve transitioned to , sometimes in very public and humiliating ways . ironic
The health teacher who is currently teaching a chapter on stress management is stressed out .
Oh what 's that ? Just driving myself to my PEDIATRIC doctor appointment which I will pay for with the money I earned at my job
I do n't think Dove realizes my birthday is in a week .. ironic
tbt timehop and now I am drunk in Italy
oh ! Very good .
During the opening ceremony , I could n't wait for the match . Now thinking the opening ceremony was the highlight of tonight
It 's 2015 and people STILL ca n't use the word `` ignorant '' in its proper context .
People try to impress God by destroying what he created .
tbt timehop and now I am drunk in Italy by C Berardi33
Just wait until the Republicans find out that half the fetuses they 're valiantly defending will grow up to be women who want rights !
Kenya has a very strict immigration policy -
Mackenzie if it was a foot away it would be a good shot , but hiking it was lucky ! ironic
Yup . Ole blushing bride is now the loudmouth bully AND has never returned hubbys tainted earnings ! phony
My broken toes actually felt better in four inch heels today , then they have in flats all week .
Cable companies . In other news : suing TW for offering new users a 12mo discount . ThingsWeAlwaysHate
loved your referrence to Trump as `` OB '' on considering his target is `` BO ! '' satire
'Strong ' is a weak password.Irony
There is nothing better than finally getting your car back from being fixed then getting rear ended the next day . ironic
Just read this tweet while first track is playing ! ! ironic goodTiming greatRecord excited tourSoonPlease anotherHashtag
I also remember the same ones giving him a load of abuse for misspelling a new player 's name in a tweet !
And then I rudely interrupted a coworker with a comment about my noise-canceling headhpones .
Sex workers are unable to acquire other forms of work due to their current occupation , which is sometimes chosen out of desperation ironic
Do n't even know how the weather has been better in Scotland , come back to London and it 's awful
Too man mother -- uckers ucking with my shit flightoftheconcords funny satire dryhumor HatingOnNewZealand
categorizes all nurses then criticizes trump for same . Next up invite nurses on the show wtf bothsuck THEnarrowVIEW
Dang . Talking about hell when it comes to exposing murder .
The most understanding are the least understood .
... and there 's the good Christian conservative response I 've come to know and love
Enda Kenny talking about the end of austerity whist dressed in a Tuxedo and quaffing caviar and champagne
The most anti social people work for social media .
Damn nobody 's safe huh lol RT :
Early start today for the Family Day at my 2 kids ' schools , 2 different schools , which means , family splits into 2 ! Ironic
What happened in 2003 ? Did I miss anything ?
If you forget to take your kid to soccer practice , are you still a soccer mom ? momlife oops
Eagerly awaiting the BFIB calls plunk , spike , murder the `` classless '' Starlin Castro admiration of the HR .
And you 're a Spurs fan
Lots of paparazzi at he airport this morning . Funny to see the dude being asked for his autograph .
Do you ever wonder what the hell you have to tweet about ? ? Well I 'm feelin like that so have decided not to say anything at all ironic
maupassant apieceofstring ENG : laficelle FRE :
Huge banner ad ... on an article that starts by suggesting you try an ad blocker ...
Lying for `` religious '' beliefs .
Raise funds in name of 'jeev daya ' , feed calves well , raise them , few years later use them to pull loads for religious processions
Why do you call a fruit which is green orange ? Ironic madness and more @ Chaskeleopenmic Prynx
Yuvi was the Man of the Series of all the World Cups won by Dhoni single handedly 😂 8YearsofYuvis6Sixes
It 's been too long /notcomplaingtho/
Whoa . Microsoft Is Using Linux to Run Its Cloud . Linux
The parking lot here is desolate . I guess nobody wants to kick off a Friday night meeting their therapist . desolatelikemysoul
Falling asleep on the train home while reading Getting Things Done
australian mining billionaire ( coal ) who fought tax increment in his industry is going philanthrophic
I have to dust off this thing to test brand new tech 4 a cha . that 's 'dead ' in T7 ( Anna ) . FightStickFridays
googled funny people ... nothing funny about it
Consider this article as we sit in the basement mixing all weekend long . All beautiful , autumn weekend long .
Ironic juxtaposition ? brisbane brisbanefestival cronuts food
gaffer love the name of the author
One moment you ’ re floating with the clouds , then next , soaking wet with rain . ironic
In a nation aspiring & amp ; moving forward to become next super-power , there 's a mad rush among citizenry to be declared backward . India
Nothing is more ironic than people with `` baby on board '' bumper stickers driving like complete assholes .
Chariots of fire video is amazing too bunch of dudes running hard out while some fella sits at the piano having a dart ironic
I would never have shipped them so hard if they stayed cute and adorable , lol .
That man will do anything for my EXCEPT the one thing I ask ironic
Just had to block asda from my timeline StillYes
The Domino delivery guy is running very late getting his pizza to the Domino stand at our fundraiser . ironic employment opps
Apple support pages not rendering correctly on Safari , have to switch to Chrome
Maher leads off asking everybody why they overcover Trump .
Repost ankanh83 with repostapp.・・・irony pinotnoir russianrivervalley napa california usa…
Getting up early juss to get tired by end of the day TooMuchToDo
Coca Cola using the slogan 'come alive ' for a drink with 12 teaspoons of sugar in it ... obesityisnoaccident
lol yeah that was the 1st thing I noticed ironic
Remember that half court game winning attempt vs Detroit ? YouDontSay Ironic GoodRiddance
Written by a man ? ?
This guy is in front of me in line ironic
A meathead in white skinny jeans + sleeveless Tapout shirt called me a loser while I was helping a lady with her suitcase . I❤️Vegas
2016 candidates pounce on Trump ’ s response to anti-Muslim question ironic donaldtrump
WGN ran a Poligrip ad during `` The Many Mouths of Aaron Colville '' this week . Just thought you 'd appreciate that .
Just got shushed . Me , not my kids . 😕 imtooloud thisisalibrary
It must be noted that every occupation force in the ME sees itself as a divine liberation force & amp ; those who resist it … terrorists❗️
I 'm going to unfriend the person who recommended the movie unfriended . ironic
Those dang sophomores . Never know how to treat their upper class men . You have to treat your elders with respect . ironic
Jackson Idoling ironic iruniz idoled ( Mourns rupacshakur ) curbs banksides
A conspirloon replies to me with more word salad nonsense , and uses the term `` cognitive dissonance '' ...
Is n't it rich that what might well have been the last nail in the Scott Walker campaign coffin was hammered in at the Reagan Library ?
thought this was Ironic 757 VaStandUP 2up2down
Funny how trash tried calling me trash ironic
I think you mean `` .. a sure sign YOU 'RE not TOO smart .. ''
info Illuminerdy To prove your love for your hoard , you must destroy it . ironic
That moment you realize you are listening to on
said : `` you can put the facts right in front of people and they will believe what they want to believe . '' Ferguson
haha my bad I barely saw this haha I was working ! Lol ironic 😂 I miss you ! ! !
90 % dislikes on their anti trump propaganda !
Sometimes the best way to fight pain is by accepting it . ironic
No one wears n95 mask around the hospital lobby ?
Besides doing things that go against life , I wonder if the pro-life hardcore freaks know that they make others want to commit murder .
Man gives me attitude for telling him to hush during Angry Indian Goddesses tiff15
Not just ironic •It 's discrimination and •It ought to be stopped —inspired by haiku
I agree . If Obama is disqualified to be POTUS on that notion , so is Ted Cruz . tlot tcot
This new season of SouthPark is twisted . Interesting how the bros are also the PCPolice .
I just saw a cop texting and driving lol ironic 😂
Lets welcome neo nazisme while we are at it . They have some `` refreshing '' ideas .
Poor email deliverability fr HG shared servers is why we have to use Mandrill to get email to customers in the 1st place .
was made for yoga and its worn for everything but yoga . ironic funny lululemon trendy
Why do these morons think Obama is Muslim ? The U.S. would never elect a Muslim president due to that very kind of moronic thinking .
Just a wee pour of blaufränkish for Grenache Day . grenacheday 🍷🇦🇹 by vanessapri grenacheday
The of how it all worked out is not lost on me ... in fact , it 's pretty amusing . Certain ppl just `` go '' together . ironic
Saw this in pastebin - made me chuckle `` ... You are nothing but a keyboard warrior little bitch ... ''
And now we 're discussing being antisocial on social media while at a social event . PHLLadyProjectLaunch
I found the teachers with master 's in gifted the least likely to differentiate for my gifted kids . gtchat
is : reading about memoir when you should be writing memoir .
Condemns all Muslims for jihadis who believe they 're following Allah ; supports genocide if commanded by God .
Home Sweet Home . ♡♡ dinner ironic michiganders missmyhomies @ Washington State
WERE ALL TIED UP ! Shall we flip a coin to see who is first ?
Narcos makes me want to go to Columbia isthatweird narcos addicted ironic ?
that 's how they roll our hipsters lumbrerjackclerick ironic
1920 : Faisal of Syria & amp ; the leaders of Europe were watching Greeks craving for elections , while Turks expanded to
Guthrie life flight stopped @ bar . There 's a liver in the cooler . ironic
Derek dying hit me like a truck
Really ? Trump 's spokesman is a Hick ? maddow
has a song called freedom but supporting israel occupation over palestine ... FreePalestine
I hate candid doorway ✌😆
So upset - missed the iPhone6sOnO2 competition because of bad signal ironic Justhavetowaitforfriday
Another example of GOP looking for handout .... getting paid for a job they are n't willing to do KimDavis ironic
sorry was on the wrong account ! I would say weekday but I 'm off to a conference today !
And we are ...... MOVING ON ! Disaster
After Lincoln house for 750crore cyruspoonawala to sell 10 % serum stake for philanthropy plan
It 's always the wrong person who teaches right lessons of life ....
It 's so sad when someone so new to your life seems to know you and care about your well being more than anyone ever has .
ironic mrdarcy ai n't it the truth brother ; )
Mascara blusher eyeliner fake lashes eyeshadow . Meanwhile I 'm 21 and only draw my brows and put on double eyelid sticker .
A stupid lying US President ? That would be a first
Always the Padawan , never the Jedi .
his missus has a column in the ET , ironic
Btw Costa is for sure going to go on and score the winner !
Currently en route to Luton airport but stuck in traffic at Duxford due to the airshow2015 ironic
Black Mass was great ! The best part : the preview for the Moby Dick movie 🐳🐳🐳 savethewhales
you started the insults . I called you a fascist because you openly support BNP and EDL .
covers `` Mind Your Manners '' ft. who was stood in that exact spot one week ago
makes a living clucking like a chicken on the barnyard called TheView yet does n't think nursing is a real profession
And now one of our teacher is teaching Advanced OOP using Turbo C++ ! !
raise this issue madam that why wont Balochis get Naraz of Pak . Govt what Pak . Govt doing for them ? ? Its Ironic
Jen It 's already dehumanised . You only have to visit a factory farm to see that . These clerics make me laugh . priorities
When we were small , how easily we can approach any girl and make friends , now we are grown more mature , it 's getting difficult ..
requiring a UK cc to purchase credit for a eurotraveler sim does n't work for eurotraveler from anywhere but the UK .
I doubt that ! irony
I really do n't get the thirdhouse , how ironic is that ? ! astrology 🐇🐒
maybe , but i am sure u r the kind of guy who mess with the zohans ! Lol ironic nope ?
Twitter
LOL it has rained every day during our honeymoon and on the day we leave it is PERFECTION . ironic thebahamas honeymoonadventures
InternetBan does n't stop Ahmedabad to top trend InternetBan . Ironic
Tweeted in English
I 've seen severally obese people eat huge meals and then DEMAND diet-soda ! Irony
You worship Hanuman and call it monkeygod but ridicule someone by calling him monkey/bandar
I wonder if Mourinho still thinks there 's a campaign against his team . Ironic CHEARS
Hungary the EU country that most needs migrants has the most stridently anti-immigrant stance
It 's called Friday night reruns with a recorded Eddie Trunk . I remember when you preached `` I 'm against computer DJ 's '' . ironic
That Nigga watchin right now in Vegas .. Gettin all the things he asked for .. Wonderin who Im fuckin .
Just saw a Janhavi Courier Service at Ambarnath . Its like having a Mhalasa Data Recovery Center .
has anyone realized that the leader and deputy leader of the Labour Party are called Tom and Jerry
If `` Coal companies '' diversified , rather than stubbornly stuck to its denial , they would n't be threatened by prospect of redundancy . ironic
On 22 Sep , the Prez is hosting high tea for 65 ' war heroes but they r fighting for their rights on wht will be 100days of OROP ironic
First job of day at NWPOpenDay is to assist Team in setting up their IT ! Ironic 😂😂
and did n't Alderman Roberts believe in living within your means ? HUGE credit explosion under Thatcher !
Nicola Sturgeon made a speech about the government ignoring the people of Scotland 's choice while her ministers are backing indyref2 Ironic
Jaded , but still on your mind .
tamilnadu fishermen are apparently not indian fishermen ! discrimination
those guys look lke Christians
The LibDems who lost 48 of their 56 seats , expect an 'avalanche of defections ' from Labour because Corbyn is n't electable . Massive
Peace app pulled due to lack of inner peace and apparently it was fighting a war . squared
Wait ! Decriminalise defamation ? Spearheaded by the ANC ? I 'm unable to can ... CriminalDefamation SomeNeverLearn
Annoyed by a City finance wiz on the radio complaining about the country not preparing for rare weather events .
A reallife jesus 😱accident ironyoflife boating repost from mikeyrantz777 🙏
I hope it 's jade rabbit .
My parents said I could n't get my tattoo because it 's too noticeable so I drew it on this morning and no one has noticed it
French rugby fans singing at Waterloo Station
Spilt wine all over my senior packet ironic
Fans from the school that waves call the other team 's fans `` skwater '' . LOL
With So much Of Fakeness around~It 's Better to Surround My Heart with Thick walls of Illusions.Life RA
Using Race Bib pins to pop running blisters . runnerProblems running cantstopwontstop
just had a call disconnected because I have no signal ... because the signal box you provided does n't work
Warpig Up next on 'Life is Beautiful , ' the song 'Suicide is Painless . '
& amp ; hypocrisy considering the source
A good read but is it true ? ironic surreychat
Got ta agree w/ jono on this one . VERY ironic a Rand Paul op whines for cameras everywhere . RedEye
People are protesting against Internet Ban on Twitter via Internet .
Crystal packed beef jerky in my suitcase because she loves me . I 'm eating that beef jerky drunk at 2 a.m. because I hate myself .
He once told me he did n't like women with short haircuts.ironic
- people live in a society , but let it be dominated by irrational misconceptions of those who live outside that society .
Advertising hoarding at Stamford Bridge says `` Championing The True Spirit of The Game . `` Yet Diego Coata is on the pitch . ironyCFCvAFC
the has huge respect ads and campaigns each year .. less and less respect shown each year at the highest level
Anyone else amused by the ironic dichotomy between Occam 's razor and today 's ridiculously over-engineered razors ?
New quote : Ironic really ⚫️⚪️ life quote ironic instaquote instapic instagram instalike instamood insta…
What happened to that tall defender from Norwich we had on loan last season ? ffc coyw tugboatturner
I was just lectured on the value of ice by a lady driving a Mercedes .
Perennial rulers ! Irony
almost like how Yankee fans only chirp about shit from the past .
Still think it 's funny is in the McDonald 's ticket promo ! Even if it is a Big Mac land homer ! nuggets ironic awesomeness
'Secret happy hour ' shouts the hostess ... to everyone on the street . Oh the
Why would Diego Costa be right on top of the trends tho ? He did n't even touch anyone , he played so good and without any faults -.-
A statue of a child , dedicated to children , set in a park . Then encased in a fence . Oh the santaclara utah
Prices jump as heroin antidote use increases via firstonesfree
Alabama fans saying Mississippi fans are inbreds
Fresher : What ’ s your favorite quote about life ? Me : Life is more than single-liner quotes.Irony Life
F32lb tombstone of dead information . Sponsored this year by the murderer . Must be nearing halloween .
and this is coming from chelshit fan
You realize people saying IStandWithAhmed know Electronics—and his school was Eng . STEM focus HS—do n't you ? arrest is ironic
The `` historical '' Jesus did n't exist until around 1900 .
Rebel I hope they do not mean solar power !
killick yes exactly because of that have a nice weekend ; )
So Gretzky endorses Harper , but due to Harper , the ex-pat ca n't vote , so yeah . WhoCares VoteLiberal Trudeau
Now , this was back in June . ironic . Let 's see what excuses get exercised for this .
Is that NORTH INDIAN EXPRESS .. ? ? PaidMedia 😠😠
But they still have n't found a Bama fan ? 😂
Color run pic in b & amp ; w ... ironic
sorrow //dt . Jamielast edit of the night I promise ( Vine by the-war-outside )
Have any Dem presidential candidates ever owned a Casino ? Trump
just killed itself again
HowardWebb talking about the ref missing Costa 's antics ... Ironic
Frozen bounce house at the Greek Festival . famouslyhot
I name checked you and the campaign too but they cut it out !
Trilogy . Book 1 - The Animal is now FREE . I repeat , the Book 1 jackpot is now Free
Sitting next to an 80 year old woman on her iPad while I read a paperback novel .
Fair elections act keeps Gretzky from voting but his endorsement can be influential in keeping cons in power . cdnpoli
. ok I agree . But many uneducated do n't know the slightest about prevention . And pro-lifers fight sex Ed in school .
I wo n't buckle to H8er loons because when we do , this will become our national clock.anachronism
He has less credibility than the subject of his blog . Now that is ironic
No , Im actually making a point .
Do n't forget to turn off the screens and enjoy a pot of tea this weekend . But , only after retweeting this
My sentiments exactly . Now stand up & amp ; say that to liberal Washington .
Love the ironic hashtag
Wo Smh whoever wrote that episode already knew . prophesied simpsons ironic
Just saw a father with a Yankees cap with a baby son wearing a `` Beat Duke '' shirt .
also forget that I need to keep eye on the long game , not the sprint race . Am terrible at pace over long distance . ironic
MacGyver Star Not Proud of USA When It Comes to Guns - Breitbart
bitching about being taken out ? Same guy that voluntarily took himself out of a meaningful game 2 of the ALCS in 2013 ahole
Day 6 ibiza time to party at pasha after a detox salad at passion sun sea champagne
warming up for a softball game at the Field of Dreams today .
Is America ready for this ? lynchmob
Will he be suspended for the Clemson game ? ?
Not having enough time to apply for uni cause your busy revising for topic tests
ironic how one will risk horror for the sake of seduction 😱😍 ... 🎃16th
ironic yourinthenextroom Game Day Boomer Sooner ! !
ironic how your parking enforcement was parked on double yellow lines to give a ticket out
It 's probably mostly hipsters that will go to this .
It 's a strange cycle . truth ironic true
No dogs allowed in our building , only dog sculptures . iron ironic @ Fort Lee , New Jersey
Bet you guys did n't know it 's middle child day ... usually it gets ignored ironic
This is rich . Grandfather Was A Founding Member Of Today ’ s PlannedParenthood . GOPHypocricy
Laughing on the outside , Crying on the inside.Irony
Why is the word `` lisp '' unpronounceable for people with lisps ? ironic
Bousquet catching the folks who line your pockets is a conflict of interest ! nspoli
My life consists of soccer games and doctors appointments
I 'LL WAIT ....
When you have 3 hours to make a connection in ATL , and your next flight is only one gate over . 😂 ironic travel
Eli Manning is an answer on Pointless . Ironic
I read this piece : Notice the AdBlock plugin that I run in Google ’ s Chrome .
Chelsea benefits massively from ref and Jose complains about iffy penalty no call
Bama fans with signs about missing teeth and incest .
You are the king of wasting time , money and resources . ironic
Lol . It has only really worked for who had extra time to find his stride . ironic karma elxn42 onpoli
Every signpost in Nigeria - `` To God be the Glory '' nigeria
Sorry ... has Jose 'Moan-rihno ' just told another manager to stop moaning ? ! CFC bbcfootball
About to tour London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine on Open House , just had an insect bite on my hand
Found a heart potato yeg while harvesting potatoes for ironic
World 's largest horseshoe is not that big . horseshoes Jane Abraham-Dunn amem Apocalypse…
I see you still have sweet-free checkouts ...
Seeing and in the same weekend , surreal . 😍 nostalgic ironic
alert ! Nonexistent gods ?
Wait wait wait . is now accusing of being harsh ?
Islamists go wildly against any secular figure in the Muslim world , then they rush to secular West for support in political crises !
An Idaho mortuary wants me to be prepared for death AND emergencies . funeral
decided to watch mock the week to cheer myself up after a really shit day only to hear Andy Parsons completely dis Arsenalirony
I 'm very happy ! ironic Porsche MacanSIlovemyAlby
DMC $ contingent on private $ ; but price of private investment now COUNTS on DMC $ , making private $ less likely . 2/2
Who knew does n't work on Tiree ?
Sugar I thought it was n't a television programme , it was a job interview like you kept telling the candidates Ironic
First time since Jan that I did n't have to pay for bc since I 'm no longer on Duq 's `` health insurance '' maybeTMI butreallyexcited
Delay of game penalties cost you points .
So apparently Wondo tied with NYFC head coach for MLS career goals .
Cuban ancestors fled Roman Catholic inquisition . ironic
The ad for a micro enema in the middle of XFactor ..... Weeeelllll ironic
30 somethings have to recapture their youth ? You got ta DJ paycheck ? Rants dont make you an authority bro insecure gigolo
vs Patriots ironic or just murican ? Either way , play ball ! HS
Really ? I did n't know that ironic
ie They 're technically a parody account .
It 's really disappointing how you put effort on someone and once you stop , you realize they never do shit or care about you .
And look who 's butthurt ?
We 're dressing like cats cause he 's a dog person .
Meanwhile , they show Leoric 's hero reveal ... '' These guys wo n't betray me '' as Illidan THE BETRAYER is behind him . HeroesWC
A little too Ironic .. Yeah I really do think ! 😂 ironic
Phone booth with phone books but no phone . ironic @ Joe Senser 's Restaurant & amp ; Sports Theater
At my brothers Retirement Party ' he spent the last 27yrs with WRPS K9 unit . PublicService PigRoast Ironic
Corn 's interception against Nebraska in OT saved the day ! NEBvsMIA
Moisturising and this happens🙊😏 creamdick ironic dickshaped teehee…
Talking about grown up stuff whilst eating ice cream . ironic
hahaha he 's just being ironic . Ca n't believe it . HH : `` When we win its luck , when we lose its my fault . '' notfunny
Oh Nebraska ... You 're killing me ! At least I have my health ...
mba `` Based on Cash Flows , Yahoo looks considerably stronger than Google '' -- A WSJ article about intrnt acnting from 2004
Football is stupid and I 'm now going to support Japan in the rugby bandwagon
Canons firing to welcome the pope to Cuba ? ? Really ? really ! pontif Peace
On same date madheshi , janjati , add to that all females would be stabbed and people celebrating diwali .
One brinjal on twitter became old waiting for cops to arrest her twitter abuser
No of course . Cause people I Syria have NO modern things at all Stop spreading stupid bullshit !
Is n't he the cutest iron ... ? irony wishuponaquilt quote quotes quilter quilting quilters sewing joke ...
See the here ? is exposing the unsaid unwritten truth of Incredibleindia with फेकू तेरा बाप
Yes that last tweet was ironic ; - )
this came up on my timeline ironic
amazing ... a 30 dollar Alcatel phone ( given to me by the bank ) is still working after dropping and the 300 iphone 4s isnt ...
Commercial says 100 percent on watch . has these defensive ends from ECU constantly watching over the shoulder
MPS Continually harasses people & amp ; cries harassment .
The people that think there is no physical proof that climate change is a thing are the same people that believe in God . ironic
Same tech could make cars compliant when located in CA . VW Accused of Cheating California Emissions Testing
Speight Jenkins attempts to ghettoize the audiences that dug WrittenonSkin as a tiny segment out of touch :
End of the day , birds pooping on their great great ancestor
The only ironic thing about Alanis Morrisette 's ironic is that none of her comments on are actually ironic , just facts of misfortune
Photo Ahmed says : invention more to come muslim texas school teacher principal clock
What a disregard in 'Israel ' for one of its founding fathers.IronyPalestine
Funnily enough there is a horror on called Rogue this evening . puppyproblems devildog
I 'm at the U of I architecture building and it is not wheelchair accessible . Pretty shitty design I 'd say .
This might be silly , but this is our tweet 2015 . In 2015 ! What are the odds ! Excited SaturdayNightOnline musicislife
Blackberry has shed 8,000 people and now CEO says finding and retaining good talent is hard
Something about this teepee rubs me the wrong way . nativeamerican
Great timing by to show Invictus probably South Africa 's greatest ever RugbyWorldCup moment the same day as their worst
And to think Eddie Jones will stand down from Japan after the RWC2015 to coach the South African Stormers ! ironic
clearly have a sense of humour ... Invictus is on AFTER RSA historic loss to JPN today 😳🙈badtiming ironic RWCupset
That was a passionate command .
`` Coffee with a cop '' no coffee allowed AKA the universe punks lawenforcement via ironycoffeewithacophttp : //
I dropped my phone before this pic . Good thing it 's waterproof
tinaxx she blocked me even tho I never 'talked bad ' about her ( or ever tweeted her ) - not sure who 's intimidated
Get it ? Is n't it ironic blackcat luck papercrafts diy csdesign cschonhautdesign
You get me . Except I 'm a restaurant manager 's wife .
Cuz no one had ever sent you this before . Relative ?
Great poster at the Brewers game .
There 's currently a thread on politics.ie pondering whether will ever be exhumed and given a state funeral
Inscription : In memory of Paddy Horton a popular public servant who helped to clean up this town . swanage
I am an Indian girl .. Length of my clothes decides my character .. irony
If only the Police can be useful and relevant 😤
There 's something ironic when religious figures appeal to scientific consensus . After all , what does scientific consensus say about God ?
Really hopping penn state loses . Yet wearing a penn state shirt
ironic uses when they supported and invited IStandWithAhmed ... ironic
And it 's funny that they 're playing Texas Tech because I 'm in Texas ! ironic 😊
To be fair , `` Big Sam '' had a reputation for going away to big teams and really being positive and going for the win
If Nebraska gets the ball back I hope they score but then miss the 2 point conversion ....
Just made a bet against the morman team . If they win , I have to buy drinks .
still my manly big bro with sparkling lovely eyes and soft features ironic
Still lolling that I ca n't remember that persons name that had a go at me for not remembering them ironic iconic ClaimToLame
Nobody I repeat Nobody knows a humble farmer better than have nurtured deve gowda & amp ; vadra
The one person at the party I went to tonight who likes to talk to me about books wanted to talk about Ferrante .
Work by camden streetartist streetprowlers streetart
I did Rugby in school 's Sports class , bcuz my teacher was a player🏈other teacher would probably teached VB😅
response to me Tweeting daily about their service delivery fail ? `` Tweet us tomorrow ... '' Words fail me . hellkom
POULTER its 'you 're a retard ' by the way ! !
It is ironic that my really expensive Age Defying Lotion smells exactly like an old lady .
The good news is I was carded , too ! The bad news was they asked for my AARP card . 😳
Human Society takes care of Gaza , Syria , Afghanistan , Iraq , RefugeeCrise and ... dogs in South Korea .
= Kinsler out at the plateKinsler hits a walk off HR for Tigers
Paid stooge of Modi that 's finds it convenient to question on the analogy of Mother Ironic
It may be that a i got this from a sanghi bhakt
`` : Mitch Mathews , on-air now : `` We should have come out with this one ... we just could n't finish . '' ``
4th and 3 and now he goes for it . Pitt
My mood on a Monday morning is inversely proportional to my mood on a Saturday night .. life
beards are so cliche now that they are effing badass !
Hoes are really making us niggas work for the pussy ... Ironic
you know wants a piece of iHeartRadio onenightstand ironic
this is why the poor persecuted Christian blocked me . For telling her she ca n't persecute Ironic
It will be deliciously ironic if sponsors take their advertising dollars elsewhere after cancelled SabadoGigante !
My horoscope is telling me to give someone new a chance lol ironic
So now ..... says he loves Muslims n would have no trouble w putting them in his cabinet .
Yes ! Actually , that 's what they think na kasi eh . hahaha
A Xtian grasping for logic . Oh , the sad , pathetic
Americans giving us a lecture on etiquette SolheimCup
I 'm eating takeout and watching food network adulthood
Broke my favorite lens at a photographer meet up today . ironic Thankfully was there to lend me hers for a sec . instameet
While I am happy to put my feet up on a Sunday , when I am confined to my home because of the MountMary Fair am dying to go out
Vin using the phrase `` dumbfounded '' and it 's not even Don-related .
Love you & amp ; loved your English language commentary in the 9/11 episode . But you misused `` begs the question . ''
Who would have thought that all the digital startups would only lead to success and revival of print media : -| ads revenues
Lol @ people not from the 206 talking about gentrification
Corruption ... thatdevilAngelo ironicAngel iron ha
The party hates Turnbull but needed him to win .. ironic hilarious ruddesq
Watching American Greed : The Prisoner of Wall Street on Hulu Ironic toomuchcommercials
9 out of 10 people I know would say they do n't care about what u think , but immediately dedicate a tweet or whatsapp status to u .
I cry missing him , he cries remembering shit . ironic
WOW ! ! Thanks ! ! 🙏🏻🙏🏻IndianMedia
Would love to see UCLA win this on a Hail Mary .... 😂
Ten thousand spoons and you only need a knife . Is n't thatIronic
UR NOT UR INSTAGRAM . -- -ironic truth @ Runyon Canyon Park
Watching texas v cal . Did n't see the missed extra point because I was watching man get tazed in slo mo , which must feel the same
Hopefully there is some here ... : )
Ha ! actually used `` credibility '' in a sentence ! ! auspol
I should outsource my services as a top detector . gayclub
DFO still taking credit for ELA : On an active MPO site : `` cutting edge of science '' cdnpoli
LMFAO the town 's curfew siren went off in real life just as the cops on the movie showed up ! RealLife Curfew Movies Ironic coincidence
Today I saw full wrap advert on yyc C-train for Ram trucks . mixedmessage
somewhat intrigued by the fact that believes that those who use fake money have legit id . ironic
Shocked that French people clapped for me performing their own historic dances in a native costume . The crowd seemed fascinated . Ironic
If I really lived by this , I would n't even be wearing this shirt .
having a carwash when its about to rain .. ironic
Every general category person wants reservations to be abolished but none of them wants casteism to be abolished .. doublestandards
the kid with the backpack is ordering food at
I had to get loud with the checkout lady when trying to buy my NyQuil .... The result was a coughing fit 😭 myrealidlooksfake
haha . That is hilarious . ironic
Ironic is n't it ? : ) amwriting writer words writing poetry poeticwords
Bigots behind the hashtag BoycottDoritos using Twitter ... a company that supports GLBT rights ...
Org are keen on making India a HinduNation , Nepal turning itself to SecularState
10 point favorite and lost by 10 STANvsUSC
This homeless bun that I am rocking right now is no joke . Lol . 😅😅
who said was dead . After reading some replies , RIP
I get the controversy and it was wrong , but to have an American alleging lack of class is quite amusing SolheimCup
Denver , where you ca n't tell if a Rusted Root shirt is ironic or not .
Can you imagine somebody unironically shouting out `` You ca n't say this or that because it would be tone-policing ! '' ? 😏
The only times I 've ever called out at a job was when I was n't sick . I went into work sick before .
Planned out my whole future , went job hunting and had about 10000 chai teas all in the time this 900 word post was being done .
I wannaget lost in the hope of finding that part of me again .
r u living on earth ? Experts r right modi supporters r all upper class wealthy ppl . U guys have no idea of EWS poor class !
The title of their final video is too much .... RIPDaniel RIPDanielKyre
Why is there hell in hello and what is so good in goodbye . ironic
'Merica softgripp lakecounty so , my ig is gon na take a turn for the slippery loud bwaaaap…
I always seem to forget about my twitter account about as much as my weasyl account ...
Good idea ... lets ask Nigel Pearson about overly aggressive maniacs in football ironic
The establishment GOP spent years scaring people in to doubting & amp ; hating Washington .. now they wonder why the ppl opt for outsiders
Phony Hillary is a real person .
Having gay brunch when there 's a Patriots event ironic ( @ Tavern in the Square - in Boston , MA )
I 'm sitting on a couch DontJustStandThere Ironic
Trump sponsoring Latin festival in DC ! ! ! ! Mexico @ Washington Monument National Monument
George Orwell lived here .
sorry for spam , exactly 4 attempts it took to write 60 character tweet Usability Accessibility ios9
Vince Cable `` labour are in a real dilemma '' closer to home Vince , closer to home . Then he says `` British politics is terribly tribal ''
The True Monster motorhome . 'Cept I ca n't sleep now sleepvscantsleep howcomeeverythingdoesntfit
I guess he finally hitched himself to a star . cc the bellman @ Hollywood/Vine
they 're bigger than their male counterprts in number , action & amp ; vision ; yet , they , re ignored in decion-making positions
Not a photoshop . You ca n't make this up .
had a great day yday mate , cheers for having us ! On way home now n were stuck behind your van . ironic
Under this flawed logic i should be more concerned most of the perps here were white males .
There 's an ambulance in front of me with the number plate 'FML786 ' ironic
Logical , rational , scientifically researched conclusions ! Just wow ! DawkinsOn14YearOldKid
When u r SINGLE , all u see r HAPPY COUPLES .. And when u r COMMITTED , all u see are HAPPY SINGLES ! irony
I almost lost 1 months of work of Infernax ... while making a backup . holycrap wouldhavecriedfor5monthsstraight
Or not.irony ugh @ Old North Point Water Tower Milwaukee
In search of serendipity ironic
I 'm lol'ing that he turned down her free Texas Hold em lesson last night . TeamVanessa
My dear friends , there is nosing thing as friends ! Coco Chanel FriendZone friendship shoutout quotes
Hahahaha ! ! ! just killed itself ! ! !
as a fmr Globe reporter/editor enjoying all the media intvws with about his `` rare '' intvws cdnpoli elex42
he calls me bias then refuses to even here my response to his statement
I 'm sure the view was as painful as from where I was sitting . We traveled a long way to not show up .
LOOOOL chasing Martial is the reason Virgil 's got cramp Ironic
Whatever is happening in the sky right now is too beautiful for words .
and mine would n't allow me to watch it ever but I was drunk a lot in tight pants 😂
India arranged Series against West Indies to give Farewell Tribute to their LegendPakistan ignored their Legend Younis Khan 👎Irony PCB
Ironic Grindr going down lmao
not to mention how many tackle busts Batley 's hooker did .
Opposite Leicester Square Tube Station I spotted this ! Ironic official LoveLondon
My fever keeps making me sweat off my heart rate monitors that I need for high heart rate from fever hospitalprobs gastroparesis
Enjoying the emotion of the F1 drivers post-race .
pats same thing here bruh ; ive considered going to a psychologist bc of it
2/2 conti ... OROP . Quota Reservation . BiharDevelopment . Swachhata Abhiyan . Our country need this and he has started trying .
Today 's funny shirt : chubby 12-yr-old wearing shirt saying `` you looked better as a freshman ! '' Vietnam botay
They shower abuses at North Indians and then enjoy movies made by them !
at its best
FUN IS FOR LOSERSNew collection is coming.Keep it ironic.faubourg54 Fifl sex condom sexisforlosers ironic
Such wonderful display of weeds & amp ; dandelions at the Muttart .
I had just made fun of you for being late and then I 'm super late this morning . GoFigure
Well . that was one way of silencing the Financial Times about the economic meltdown in Japan , by a Japanese company buying it .
Wallace so wins a race in an illegal car sponsored by a movie about illegal racing .... lol
So a race sponsored by a movie about breaking rules is won with an illegal car NASCAR
Gretzky touts Asian-made clothes for corp requires middle class $ $ to survive+supports CPC govt destroying middle class cdnpoli
Journalists here taken aback by level of smear directed at Jeremy Corbyn .... As they participate in EXACT same here ! Hypocrisy
- great response . Why ca n't all of the GOP embrace the constitution ? They love to claim it . hypocrisy
Airports are looking more like railway stations these days . India growth
Well it 's Sunday morning . Ironic most of the lies of the week are fed to us on the LordsDay HeKeptUsSafe BabyParts
. Ironic SMTs want PTI ppl 2 unite n ground bt fail doing the same n forum with less opportunism
Ha-Ha-ha ! ! ! Last of the going now , anyone else for a slice of there ? ! twip
`` Face time '' used to be a personal thing ... this AM my phone autocorrects it to tech 's version of FaceTime . tech
Kerry minors , masters of defensive , counter-attacking football some performance so far , hard to see any way back for Tipp
I read that Observer article on their response to Corbyn 's leadership success whilst stuck at a points failure at ClaphamJunction ironic
France loosing it 's Jews but now even the Muslims refugees do n't want to go there . Ironic
Celebrated my legalization in McDonald 's ironic
How to stay simple in life:1 . Eat a lot of food2 . Brag about worthless stuff in the internetironic
Dude Isis has givin us the cheapest gas in 5 yrs . Be quiet & amp ; Enjoy for now LOL
I think I 've spent more money by not going out and ordering stuff online 😂😂
Do n't challenge other people to the DARE when you ca n't do it yourself . maddecent mdbp…
Destiny I get sniper rifles like there candy in this game ... but its a firearm I rarely use .. and basically suck with
probably not its disgraceful he & amp ; other rag writers= cdnmedia represent us on global forum very ashamed
of India If a muslim goes for ganpati puja he is a Patriot If a Hindu wears a muslim topi he is a coward secular
Of course we are tied with tcu .
Well as a Christian I can say the religion I see that happen the most often with is ... CHRISTIANITY . ironic tcot
Giants Lost and Patriots Won ironic
throws trust out the window as a factor to love .. lol ..
Hey Remember when Rex Ryan said he did n't want to be a Bielma then trolled the Patriots all week ? Ironic .or IronyGate
But I 'm also craving fruit and salad .
Kentucky provides the bourbon you love ... and the restrictive rules on betting Arabians .
I 'm not argumentative , you are ... ironic ironman
The founder of lost his girlfriend to a man she met on ouch awkward
`` Due to Americans ' lack of knowledge on Aramone .... ''
I find it interesting how many compliments I get on the sermon about humility .
I 'm retweeting healthy food articles but eating Taco Bell right now .
Concerned about right front headlight damage
or they could consider the rev loss from an entire day where many people could get a meal . Esp after church lunch
The 'campus left ' shut down debate too . And who defended me as a student ? UKIP supporters !
Big line at Pioneer Square for Brunch Village .
`` attention seeking ! ''
It disturbs me how many people have Steelers jerseys on their dogs on Instagram . michaelvick noforgiveness animalabuseawareness
Beat Seattle , lose to Washington ...
we need an hashtag next time !
Go get that ! ! ! ! ! funny funnywoman sheknows funnywomen 💥💥💥💥💥
Hello Denver ! Here to start new affiliation with . Our rental car apparently though is homesick !
This girl in front of me at taco shop has snowflakes tatted on her back and she is really tan . ironic
Ironic when my classm8s say Im always eating and my coach says I should eat more .
KevinJones You ca n't coach that ! We began the off-season wondering if Benjamin would even make the team . He became our 1 today .
Arians hit the Bears with some Ditka-like salt in the wound there lol
Mother fuckers are quick to call me stupid , yet quick to ask me how to spell 3rd grade reading level words .
3Av a fife fan not being able to see
It 's funny his the NFL 's new logo color actually looks tarnished ! nfl ,
Was reading racist comments on immigrants needing to learn English and the person wrote 'espeshally ' internettrolling ignorance
your tweet was a and prompted me to check Twitter . When I got here I saw this . Fanduel
Only the Bills break the rules .
Those Yellow Shirts make them look like Luzira inmates . Ironic
thankful I saved all my handouts from when I was in OT/PT so I can now use them on my `` chronic pain mgmt group '' mylife chronicpain
Currently witnessing a lady at the hospital smoking while on an oxygen tank .....
Can you name who this quote is about ? lotr
ask if attacks on funded by Arkansas Project funders .
When you look like a train wreck on the train ride home ... Ironic
If it 's one thing any NASCAR fan knows about , it 's just how wild he can get on restarts . ironic GordonRestart
is BenCarson celebrating diversity while suggesting Muslims should n't be president .
Condemning freedom of choice at a place for free expression .
And we are fighting so hard for an education WE Do n't or Ca n't use . Teachers Educators EducationCrisis
A all-time favorite 😎✌️ becool ironic selfish 󾠣
There 's a bunch of black people playing in traffic on I-35 because BlackLivesMatter
If it was n't real it would be comical . The level of intolerance among those that want to lead is intolerable
I saw a pastor who looked like last night .
Bloody heavy guns and rusty bullets over a twisted massive shanghai flying kicks . Ironic
Inappropriate use of 'keep calm and ... ' annoys me massively . How ironic that it 's being used as the title of an album of chill out music .
Disabled toilets piss me off , they 're the only toilets big enough to run around in
`` This is about the character of our nation '' - Carly Fiorina said this while lying to 24 mn people in hopes of becoming president
watcher1 Yes , those that were only there because a Tony put them there . ironic
I 'd love to , but ... ( sponsored by the helicopter ejection seat company )
Smoking causes fire on Fumar Lane . Fumar = to smoke in Spanish .
I wannago to Dismaland . Banksy Dismaland genius
Out of all the fight choreography and tricky blocking , it 's the simple military turns that are tripping up the actors . MAPBadMen
Coloring book huh ? hulkamaniac
I know U R singing but you 're serving up Ironic realness in this video & amp ; I 💖it
Yesterday I witnessed someone neglect to take their army-fatigued baseball hat off during the national anthem .
moonducktv So ofc DC gets the surprise Pit Lord . RIGGED ! ! ! ! joke
asking a guy who got nothing out of UPA 1 & amp ; 2 even after doing everything he could do to please madam
Yes . I 'm sure I can put it on expenses as it 'll be a `` business '' meeting and that way the cabbies are paying for it
Work work work all weekend . Yoga + Cigarettes have been the only thing keeping me together . lifebalance keepgoing
The founder of lost his girlfriend to a man she met on ouch awkward
Announcers love to talk about AP 's hard handshake and strong hands
The of adds ... Usually my ATT service SUCKS in theatres when I try to check it ... BEFORE , @ INTERMISSION & amp ; AFTER ...
My mom just gave me a lesson on missing church today . I 'm never good enough am I ? My aunt judges me and she judges me ironic
I never wore my PE shorts when I had the class , but I lounge around in them all day if I can
Half the population of Milwaukee . ironic
Reform Party grew out of a sense of Western alienation . Now it 's progeny , the CPC , depends on Ontario to win . elxn42
Classic T Town . Illogical HotDogDiets Tulsa
`` Politics are not the task of a Christian . '' ~ Deitrich Bonhoeffer , martyred for his role in German resistance movement against Nazism
no injustice there at all . ironic
reincarnated as a nurse ironic doesithurt ?
that 's the problem with their leaders . They are n't clear on their motives while every1 knows what they 're .
that `` come back '' victory for Dallas may `` come back '' to haunt them come draft time with both Romo and Dez out .
Unwritten teacher canon for commenting on student texts : Teacher has license for vagueness ; students must be specific fsumkwepo
A3 : My kids are 'digital natives ' until it 's useful or required . Suddenly , cavemen and Luddites . ironic oklaed
How ironic is it that the only person i talk on the phone with doesnt want to anymore and thats the day i lose my voice ... Perfect timing .
That 's ... that 's ALL books for me , Drew . And by definition they 'll take ME longer to read ! unfair oklaed
what ? You 're saying this on a social media site ? ?
At PandaExpress and I 'm surrounded by Chicanos . When I 'm at Chipotle I 'm surrounded by Asians .
i do n't know if seeing a matress ad during the Emmys is an , an early warning alert or just plain
So… Cameron allegedly put his hot dog in a dead pig 's mouth ? euphemistic piggate
This , Morissette , is irony . saudiarabia
Being served this ad on Twitter while watching Andy Samberg 's login float by in 1,000 tweets ? Emmys
Without government , who 'd prevent people from punishing thieves ? `` We can ’ t solve violence with violence '' says top cop
Ben Carson says a Muslim should n't be U.S. president . I bet someone once said that about African Americans . ironic
Every song sound like future featuring future on WATTBA
Human life cycle : Stranger ➡ ( best ) friend ➡ strangerironic
This coming from the person who told Rosenthal to `` eat a bag of dicks '' yesterday .
I wish I could watch the Emmys but I don ’ t have cable
Some perhaps ? JessicaAlba gets 'body searched ' by KylieJenner 's bodyguards . Days later Kylie gets hair pulled by fan after concert
but backs him from his $ 25million home saying we need to be more socialist ironic
Well that 's ironic that they had FredSavage talk abt memorable finales Emmys TheWonderYears
Bitches be loyal to dog niggas but the good niggas get dogged .. Hoes get wifed up while good women are single IRONIC
No I ca n't - neither can Milo and his crew , though they did try . Did n't work .
So , it looks like I have tendinitis in my ankle ... and have to skate to get an ACE bandage to deal with it lmao ironic
ThatAwkwardMoment when you 're unfollowed by someone you unfollowed for being consistently rude and obnoxious .
Jaxdogmom : Alone on an island ... literally figuratively nofilter ironic writi…
I guess you hate Reagan after the Cuban boat lift .
Back to back in my feed
Fly in private jets and drive in Escalades to an awards show , and then wear a green ribbon for climate change awareness Emmys
All this coming from someone who takes a paycheque to write for Murdoch 's Crown Jewel Shitrag of a paper
What kind of guy ends his own 29 outing scoreless streak ? Seriously , guise . Cecil must be garbage . bluejays
That moment when I 'm so done studying about birth , pregnancy & amp ; things related & amp ; then I 'm told that my cousins baby is born .
someone who identifies as a woman , and also likes woman , but is n't for same sex marriage . ironic
funny how the Chase is what they are doing to Denny.TheyAreNowChasingAGimp 11 Ironic WhatsInAName
Getting Misty FJM @ Orpheum Madison
running a dermetology clinc ad during Emmys would be considered , right ? ? ?
A bit rich from someone who lost an election and appeared chummy with Jimmy Savile
Says the man wearing a shirt and trouser .
The numerous levels of here are what is stunning .
Eric Stonestreet and Jane Lynch spouting `` Homie do n't play that '' IronyComedicgoldEmmys2015
One of my best mates who refuses to engage on Twitter has implored me to get on Facebook .
Reading JM Bishop 's History of Caldicott Family . We have a Family Castle in Wales Confiscated by Cromwell in 1600s ironic
When you really hate your fucking table and they rave about how great you are .
GG seems to have this weird idea that it 's their job to enforce standards on others .
shame you stopped stocking much if the Lee Kum Kee branded jars . Now I buy such at Asian grocers .
Haha the Seattle Seahawks were just penalized for having 12 men in the field . 12thMan
fun fact oil is needed in machines that make everything like a device people use to say stop the industry ironic
Catching the tram to get to lunch spot quicker to enable more reading time and forgetting my book ..
Hey ! My roommate is better than you . GetIt ? ItsFunnyBecauseYoureMyRoommate hahaha
If you look at the outlet you realize that it must not be that good of a year . nocoffee
2015 : Costa Rica , Scotland , England & amp ; East Canada . 1st Sunburn yesterday in Elliston . RootsRantsRoars IWasAtTheBraisedLambStation
trying to follow what is happening is like listening to a toddler describe her day . Random statements & amp ; some facts . Emmys
I think my husband and I spend more time immersed in religious things than we would if we were actually religious .
This statements literally supports my point that women bring nothing to the table other than their vaginas cc :
Can you be both guarded and open at the same time ironic
Breaking : 12th man hurts Seattle ironic
Alone on an island ... literally figuratively nofilter ironic writingamoviescript…
So those attending the EmmyAwards are wearing green ribbons for climatechange but rolled up in gas guzzling limos
the Future Shock that gave to the Lethal Lockdown really did give GFW a FUTURE SHOCK
Hulu now has a commercial-free subscription and the best part about it is the awesome commercial . 2015CM707C1
MeekMill is dope . The is that hired people to supplement his skill set with MeekMillesque records whatatimetobealive
Mike hated me and sonic for placing T6 and tried saying he could do better . Smh
Day 5 : So , why would Jacob be upset about getting tricked to marrying Leah first when he tricked Isaac ? ironic Gen:26-30 First5In40
Something does n't seem right here from : A-Fib Risk 400 winner eating a massive hot dog/sausage .
No better way to start the game than with a 12th man penalty I the Seahawks ironic GBvsSea
Agree . The mental health issues in folks I see on Granville Street are appalling these days . Down from Norstrom .
The internet is a cesspool of cynicism and sarcasm , way to go everybody , good job
Past meets the Future
Fancy having a 25 year old MP as a federal minister . In an ageing population ! auspol
Branded Islam : )
the awkward moment when `` a NON interference rally '' is hoisting BLF flagsIrony
Yo Twitter , apparently ALL women matter on a night in which Black women finally get to shine . Did ALL women matter at Emmy 's 2014 ?
Interesting that you stated how important respect is on the podcast
mufc
I just saw a British Australian complaining on Facebook about Chinese people mass immigrating here to erode Australian culture .
Just feeling the sunshine goodmorningworld truestory
Just when we asked you to tell us the most boring food in your dabba , we opened ours to find `` doodhi '' . AajKhaneMeinKyaHai
Creating a playlist titled 'go to sleep ' at 2am
is , most of the consensus think they are contrarians .
Actually I kind of just hate social media .... but here I am .... tweeting about it .
look what my girl got today fearless rune tattoo mortalinstruments
B/man trying to buy votes of tcot while they consider him subhuman who cant eat/sit same location with them
Coming from the bloke who ca n't even use your and you 're correctly . EducatedAtTheThirdGradeLevel
`` Us : Breakdowns can create breakthroughs . '' Literally my life tonight😂
Third consecutive [ work ] day of five travelling to London at stupid o'clock ThisIsTheAgeOfTheTrain
This latest Trump & amp ; Carson Muslim thing is cracking me up.Will the GOP get separation of church/state now ? irony
VW Golf being promoted with the line 'Let 's get dirty ! ' . vwdieselmalware
Police shoot very few women in US compared to men . But a common reason they do is woman calls for help and clings to weapon for lifeironic
Sad comedian , dyslexic writer , bitter Sweet . Hmmm ...
Audi - Truth in Engineering ? VW cheated on U.S. pollution tests for 'clean diesels '
When cough syrup makes you cough .
Woodward Lentzos they were poaching ivory even then
schwarz and yet gained 1 seat ! ironic
The best QB in the state of Alabama happens to play at Jacksonville State . espn
A Heart wrenching Image.NatureIsSpeaking mommy pune
It 's ironic as her eldest brother was a child prodigy and moved up 2 yrs - started uni at 16 .
I am just finishing my article on the pain and bane of being an expat away from home and I come across this .
Has anyone noticed that people have stopped using the word 'zeitgeist ' ?
Just held for 10 mins on the urgent help hotline , to be told they are too busy to help now and leave a message . wth ironic
`` VW had been promoting its diesel cars in the US as being better for the environment . `` Volkswagen apologises
That time Wagners would have been called for P.I . Ironic Packers
Kind of ironic do n't you think ? animalfarm DavidCameron
I unsubscribe from Amazon emails , so they send me an email saying I unsubscribed and another email asking if I 'd like to resubscribe ironic
Marx meeting Jesus
You Got to be Kidding me ... The Jumla Janta Party is asking this questions ? ? Irony just got hit by a bullet train ..
sorry internet so slow only just got your reply ironic
NowPlaying Ironic by Alanis Morissette ♫
Honestly , Farron ( whose MPs would fit into a phone box ) saying Labour is unelectable ... joke
So I read 's excellent NYT article `` toxic work world '' & amp ; instantly went to Amazon to check out her book . facepalm
Intertrust ( helping big companies evading taxes , around the world ) is going to tackle its debts by launching stock : D OnlyInNL
ignoring T20 worldcup winning captain ironic
I wish if I was a girl , its so cool in India as in a girl clicks a guys pic & amp ; yells that the boy teased her & amp ; everyone agrees to that
Oh , I had some free sweets from the dentists ' table too ! Ironic
So this girl spent almost 20mins asking around ppl to lend her a cigarette instead of buying it herself because `` log kya kahenge ''
Back to work today after a break down south . Just brilliant to be back . inashitmood
`` I ca n't believe the Yeti is real ! '' lego minifigures series14 sorry snapshot ironic
we criticise arabs for not hosting Syrian refugees but ignore ourselves who banned IDP 's to enter different cities of Pakistan
Spending a day traveling on trains in Germany and missing trains in India . 🚆 railfan
Kyle Stone mentioned blueberrypie at YoungGunsComedyComp that will get brownie points ironic
I find it hilarious people posting hater comments on 's 'Shake It Off ' youtube vid , considering what the song is about ironic
yet here you are tweeting about the science you chose to deny.ironic evolution
When literate exams make you feel like illiterate onlyinIndia 😁
this happens when you do n't allow snakes to breed in your garden & amp ; expect them to only bite your neighbors
New Zealand coach berates spectators for booing Richie McCaw . quadecooper
Heading down to the work life conference in London 5amgetup
I am APPALLED at the lack of good quality Lean Six Sigma intro videos on youtube . Ironic Kinda
Just did some gardening for lesbians , they wanted they 're box hedges to be ball shaped . Lesbians wanted they 're box to be balls
I put my phone on shuffle before I started drawing and picture to burn was the first song to come on .
ironyPolice are Killing Native Americans at Higher Rate than Any Race , and Nobody is Talking About It
A temple is a very Interesting Place ... The Poor beg outside and the Rich people beg inside ... ! ! ! of Life
skoff this two dollar pizza place in Richmond called Christians Pizza , they 're all Muslims ironic cute
How do you become such a sad douche to do this to people and have zero empathy . Psychos in big Pharma
Aaaand ... now I 've come out against CTE and football , I 'm being followed by .
but lack of it certainly condemns you ! - Sweet
good grief , the is shocking…
Errr ....... Ralph misspelled `` remarkably '' in his speech : -o But that was a fun read !
George W. Bush SHOULD lecture Intelligence professionals.George Bush is the NAME on their BUILDING.smartisn'tthatironic
I knew blackmirror is telling me something about the reality since the first episode ! mrhameron darkcomedy 😂😨😣😀
Three out of four programs giving a mouthpiece to one side of politics . The ABC 's bias is showing ! auspol
YoShaheensSoBrave that they fight unarmed syrian/iraqis than the Russian army
Is in the crowd and be lonely ... that 's a cruel philosophie WorldVision loneliness
There 's always time for a bit of cute irony . bossy
Ironic - do n't you think ? monday encontro desencontro ironic
Cooooool ! I hope it will be periscoped lol
Not sure what I think of a 321 year old dead guy following me . I guess I will take what I can get.optimism
A Recent Pysch Study Shows : Do n't Trust Studies height of ! ! !
We started our conversation ( July 22 , 2015 ) your birthday.Our last conversation ( September 21 , 2015 ) my birthday . Ironic
Canada was the 1st 'choice ' for most Hungarian refugees after the 1956 revolution ironic
Replace Muslim with `` black people '' , and President with `` surgen ''
Fury after Saudi Arabia 'chosen to head key UN human rights panel '
hm . i just found out fr fashion panel on that the fact tht i havent cut my hair in 5 months BobAndLob is THE LOOK . hahaha
Its meeting the man of your dreams , then meeting his beautiful wife ... ironic
Or an actual book . Then you can teach it as an ELCS
Listening to DirtySexyFunny with talk about BJs and sex positions ; first commercial is Pope Radio lol . confessional
Ironic Hugs Poster Print barnsleyisbrill rotherhamiswonderful
Sometimes your decision requires more then just a yes or no.Right ? Yes or No ? ! irony answerme
Israel is on snapchat live 's world peace howIronic
I think he needs his brain checked .
Yes it is his work that causes the wrankling ...
If Lived Today , Would not Murder it ?
When Alec keeps tweeting in bio
My mom texted me and I nearly lost it because I thought it was someone else asking me to do something for them whenitrainsitpours ironic
Kinda ironic that I see this picture and it helps clear up some personal/professional stress ironic
I swear to shit i jus heard a couple refer to their kid as Knowledge ... wtf really ... The stupidest thing I 've heard today , how ironic
Awesome how is handling the current outage on their website . : | ironic noinfo ETA available ?
A Black man says that a Muslim should n't be President . About 50yrs since the Civil Rights movement with some lingering yrs .
life is so perfect 😃
Just said the exact same thing ! ! Nice position to be in I guess ..... or not
The Starbucks barista are talking about how much adderal they take b4 shifts 😂 starbucks caffeinehigh adderal
DeathByPothole Gov is compelling us to wear Helmet for both bike passenger . in this type of road
I have several optical cables at home . Most expensive one is no longer working LessonLearned
Microblogging on a long form 'Medium ' = headlines only = cheating slightly ? ? ironic brilliance ! haha ( U know I ❤️ U )
My book shelf . Oh , the irony . The sweet , sweet irony ! StarWars
meanwhile in Cyprus programming hours have been decreased moveBackward
The quotes in this article are the best ! Are they for real ? I guess if he does n't agree he does n't count GOP
Says the NDP who have used Joe Oliver 's numbers !
I 'm .... I do n't know ... I thought of my tweet was obviousFeeling quite disoriented now auspol
I canceled my therapist appointment because I was n't feeling it emotionally .
So the first machine that has issues going to 10 - is my most machine a SurfacePro II ...
There were women answering the phones ... made that VERY clear ! ! !
Why do those who hate gov support the candidates with the most gov experience ?
Second comment ... is a Tennessee fan really trying to say that about Florida fans ? 😂 Ironic
theyre apparently going to evaluate him re : future starts this could cost us that 4th not bc of health , just awful play
Great piece , but he had to lose his job because he wrote it . Ironic
Andrew you could n't quote your scripture her without science .
I am eating at an Amish restaurant in Philadelphia . hoosiers
lolModi & amp ; Co turn towards MohanBhagwat for his final nodAnd Bhagwat runs to this Sexpert 😜😜 SuperPMBhagwat
So the prize for 'Britain 's Best Lawn ' is a lawnmower ? !
Today happens to be `` The International Peace Day '' ...... yet , we ( Somalis ) are still at war with each other for more than 2 decades . ironic
Me and the Cavs are also $ 14 million apart in contract talks .
The long awaited 1989 is finally here and as usual , does n't disappoint . Now is sorta on ironic
the only item without a label in my desk drawer ? Staples . staples office school supplies
is - Copy & amp ; Paste was an original idea .
Caution ... funny and ironic invitation for moschino ss16 fashion show MFW …
Almost got hit by a public safety car 😂 ironic
New shower tap looks like a double ended penis BUT WHO CARES , HOT WATER , YAY , FINALLY ! !
Ben Carson ’ s stance on a Muslim president has CAIR crying for his head ; social media cheers !
When you got a metabolism test at 1:30 and you do n't eat breakfast or lunch ironic
Great that masks emissions from the engine that was modified to use one tank of renewable diesel to cross USA
You 've been virtually wiped out in parliament and you have the nerve to say Labour is unelectable . Obv do n't do
The human race lacks responsible self governance- we demand control , but seek a scape goat when collapse comes about accounnability
The unintended consequence of Media summer Biden campaign may be to give Clinton an artificial lift when he does n't run . Ironic
They define both AND idiots
My cat eating left over chicken while my chickens watch bantams chickensofinstagram
daniel `` If staying speak intelligently '' IronyEpicFail
Sitting in Bio really thinkin bout my life ironic
Uh ! Steve Jobs just turned in his grave… : p
That 's weird seeing USA is supposed to be a very Christian country .
Dropped my phone in toilet this am . Works fine except for audio . Now my phone does everything except being a phone.irony morecoffeemonday
So Ben Carson is unfit because he said a Muslim should n't be President . But Hillary started the original `` Obama is Muslim '' rumor .
We get the love we think we deserve . love life fact
ABCD is a movie of professional dancers . 💃Irony
Communication . It 's the first thing we really learn in life . The ironic thing is , once we grow up , learn our ...
The of GOP officials criticizing PopeFrancis for getting involved politically when they clearly ignore SeparationOfChurchAndState
`` We never close '' - for sale . karma ironically nola neworleans louisiana iger…
Are those of Islamic faith too conservative for Ben Carson ? MuslimLivesMatter
Someone picked the right day to wear that shirt . gooddaysacramento
most Internet runs through cable lines .
Conference all about innovative design for research & amp ; pedagogy DLIV
Ricky was a crim karma etc
`` Mohler , the president of Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville , criticized the Pope for being too political . ''
Cooked stir fry . Disgusting . Takeaway Chinese it is .
Hyattsville 's loses a greenhouse on its route to build an arthouse support rebuild…
Remote talk on technology by at IBAT2015 ends abruptly when video feed is lost .
Shout out to celebs who are all about female empowerment doing terry richardson photo shoots
The top team looks to get on well . universitychallenge
waiting for 's IWillWait ironic lol
Tomorrow important debate about EU Transparancy in EP . The draft-rapport of giegold is however nowhere to be found ( publicly ) irony
I 'm too tired and stressed to work on the `` Mindfulness for Relaxation '' course I 'm meant to be doing online ironic
Of course ... sound is going to be 3 hrs away performing ... and I ca n't go ... Cuz I have dance . ironic
I LOVE when the media that SO supports Oblahblah , says that ANYONE in the GOP does not have the `` qualifications '' to be President .
Is n't that all sorts of ironic ... Addblock Plus app contains advertising ... fdroid android
IM GOING TO PUBLICLY AND AGGRESSIVELY WRITE AN OPINIONATED STATEMENT ABOUT SOMEONE ELSES NEED FOR ATTENTION !
Apparently the UN thinks this sort of thing is okay ! NotCool
The is that most generous donors in the political realm are Oil Corporations . KarmaIsABitch
exactly , perhaps the pope can express some
Someone just messaged me , obvs trying to be smart , asking is English not my strong suite ? Strong suite . SUITE .
. According to this article makes 350 http calls to 56 ad domains ironic
Cat Momma it 's ironic similar speech hate speech was used to condone the murder of black Americans .
He can dish it out but he ca n't take it richarddawkins
iOS9 . Huh . reading the story apple released about ios9 being the most successful ever .. Using the ios9 news app that crashed .
ModiDontReadMyWhatsapp IndianPolice will investigate a case in 90 days ! ! ! Seems they only worked in CrimePatrol & amp ; SaavdhaanIndia .
`` You lose by the way you choose , you win by the way you walk . '' - said by a guy on a walmart scooter ironic
A bomb exploded at about 40 meters from dad today PeaceDay screwthiscountry
0/3 in arena while I write a book about depression .
People out here thinking is IG goals when she 's actually pointing out how unauthentic some people are .
ironic really funny
d I really want it to come down to her and Carson , and have Republican voters forced to choose between them .
`` state boards and commissions that ... resolve disputes and approve agreements ... '' obstinateGov RecallLePage
Art Supply Inventory : : toolbox tacklebox gloves that is so not empty ironic artist…
What Do You Mean by Justin played on pandora & amp ; then Same Old Love by Selena played right after . 💔
Yeah ... truth love hurt
To some , is more than the taste in your mouth when you bite your own tongue .... piggate hameron
So someone just called me a heretic . And then they followed me .
in the last GOP debate , his solution for not increasing minimum wage was to send everyone to college
When your UK turns up cold cos it sat in 'quality control ' for 20 mins figure
dang ; wo n't let me setup my account from Colombia : - ( Maybe next time back in the states . their TLD is CO
I somehow made it through 2.5 Utah winters without eating shit and 1 '' of rain in an Arizona parking lot ended that streak today .
Oh the in a godless MSM so interested in what CERTAIN candidates think about God , the Bible and religion . tcot lnyhbt
Scott Walker -known for his frugality- is dropping out partly due to poor handling of campaign funds via
because he has n't won any oscars
`` ... and that 's inconsistent with our principles and our Constitution . '' - Ben Carson , ( R ) and likely practicing Protestant . GoodGrief
I fully appreciate the of using an app on my iPad to listen to `` The Appification of Literacy . ''
NornIron do n't get to see InCaseYouMissedIt until 11:45pm because of an Irish language programme .
rumors of a rotator cuff injury to Brees . That would make the Luke McCown commercials so much better .
Mr Chief Justice did n't see the overloaded public transport from his tinted BMW in the economic hub . Pakistan
Jenna trying to calm the situation down after stirring the pot is Ironic Austin get a grip really you are loosing it big time !
All meters peaking hypocrisy karma as Tony Abbott accuses Scott Morrison of `` misleading people '' idiotGovt
wheeler we 're claiming this one ...
Atheist scientists stated that not religious people .
All Carson has done by saying this is to ensure no Muslim will ever vote for HIM . Enjoy , Ben GOP
It 's weird how I can stomp on a cockroach without a second though but I 'm in awe of a butterfly . Ironic
is selling antibullying tops , forgetting their CEO does n't want people who are n't `` good-looking '' wearing their clothes
We can protect ur screen - we just cant protect our displays . : - ) I ’ m sure they r fine . : - ) iPhone
The world we live in today ... selfiehole selfie dismaland dismal
Ironic poster print OurYorkshire
The bloke who preaches about porn , sticks his knob in pigs . piggate
Sat here , crying over a book called Boys Dont Cry . Why do I have to be so emotional , it really sucks : (
and did n't UN appoint a Saudi Official to the top human rights job , , , ?
Ok CBBAustin does n't know the meaning of Ironic CBB CBBUK
That time that AlanisMorrisette ruined the definition of for everyone .
Great victory for Tsipras , however ... only for 50 % of the people with the right to vote . Putting things into perspective
I hate how people just use twitter to bitch about things . ironic
So I chipped my front tooth this weekend ... & amp ; my dentist looks like Danny brown ... onlyme
If we all write this ModiDontReadMyWhatsapp on our watsapp rather than on twitter , It might reach right authorities .
On one hand you get Bullock cart for ganpati visarjan as tradition and then play dhika chika , in front . just died .
Endo As a lover of you might like how I responded to this cartoon Crush Endo .
thx for follow . Ironic that `` Brand '' is following us . We 're creative brand that specializes in building entrepreneurs branding
Is it me or does anthea Turner and the health lottery advert make you feel like you are going nuts ironic
is that Jackson ? Shown right after the word 'affordability '
is that some people with schizophrenia see others as demons/possessed and here we see police saw her that way !
hahahaha fuck that i actually got into sport and fitness in college 3 years ago but didnt turn up cos i was too lazy ironic
`` You 're supposed to say yes to everything ! '' is often the least supportive thing a student says in an improv class .
Is this really a good defense strategy for ex JNJ execs William Facteau & amp ; Patrick Fabian ? FirstAmendment
It 's also `` literally '' true that people who point out grammar and literary devises are literally assholes Literally
So Shappi Khorsandi calls someone a `` nut job '' for using racist terms . See what people think of that in 40yrs . ironic alrightinthe60s
It dawned on me today - that supporters of Trump - who made his life on Eminent Domain - are sick of Federal overreach .
that man acts like he needs brain surgery .
. calls on fellow candidates to bow out , too , to stop Trump . In other words , he 's trying to organize a union .
Had Chinese tonight . This message was in my fortune cookie . : ) ironic vn6
Fitst , we want to be better than others . Then , we complain that others around us are idiots . alwayscomplain
I was thinking of getting that Self Care Checklist printed out and hanging it in my bathroom , but it 's kind of stressful to read .
Andrew Luck ? Not this time ... interception MNF jets
Hear , hear . God Nature tragedy
Tomorrow is V-Log gh4 day for me . Oh ! I have waited for milky , grayish and unsaturated video as if it was a beautiful profile .
oh why ... I ca n't believe u just said that about your replacement !
but he is still elite and great . Not is fault .
of remarks on a Muslim for POTUS : he thinks someone who puts their religion before Constitution is unfit . sametoyou
didnt one smtm producer said One looked like someone who would belong to team YG
This rocks ironic talentpalooza
Cleaning out the `` nursery '' currently filled with random junk . Found some
Listening to this in Spotify ... ♫
The purpose of war is peace
MLS bans fans from showing a banner supporting the refugees . Cristiano brings a Syrian Refugee on the field .
I think it 's iconic that you swore in a tweet saying you 're going to church I 'm laughing so hard ironic
crickets are exactly what I hear from you when I ask about my unlimited plan that limits my data roaming . ironic
Those who thought they have reaches their destination just began the journey and those who have n't started have reach
We bought a diesel 2 months ago to be green . I also started research project on corporate social responsibility . Volkswagen
People like Ben Carson and Trump knowingly or not give legitimacy and excuses for the motives behind the terrorists .
. Azzmador 23473 cool , using an US immigrant governor to demonstrate the evils of migrancy
I like how Adsense put in ads for how to declare bankruptcy .
While AAP makes a killing in OnionScam , Modi govt makesRIL ( which had sought $ 12/mmBtu ) sell CBM gas at $ 3.8
Sadly , this Spanish-speaking Pope has spoken with the least clarity on human rights and repression in Spanish-speaking Cuba .
That would be a 500lb pallet of diet food and lovemyjob and amazingclients @ Acorn : an…
correct & amp ; I suspect she does n't but nevertheless she 'd fulfil the criteria & amp ; definition of being a feminist .
Guess who just misspelled 'grammatically correct ' in a paper ? peter2point0 gladicaughtthat
JRo Well , all I can say is it was a draw done the same as others ! The fact I was filming it , did make me laugh . : )
US drugs company defends 5,000 % price increase - If Americans want FREE markets they 'll have to pay for it ! -
Wow , as I was driving home , I saw a guy smoking ... in a car that was advertising health insurance w/ a pic of a very happy fam ... 😂😂😂
😂 Just got this email ... gotham
Fun fact : carbonated alcoholic beverages gets you drunk faster 👍 straight from my `` Substance & amp ; Abuse '' homework lol PopChampagne
Actually ... Probably should choose a better proofreader.typo
Melb most trams packed & amp ; most buses empty . of the poorly considered bus routes & amp ; times . Overhaul needed springst
A sports psychologist . He ripped into Froch for speaking to one now it 's him that really needs it . ironic
motto ? `` delivering better network 140 characters @ a time . '' ? Is one of those characters Beckett 's Godot ?
It 's literally true that the word `` literally '' is literally redundant 90 % of the time it is used . 😛 Literally
I 've read so much about brain development in the past hour my head hurts . Ironic
Is anyone monitoring this Twitter account or are they too busy denying that I have sent letters and emails ?
I feel sorry for Trent Richardson . He was good until he came to the the colts . Ironic
You defend democracy but OK with landgrabbing Carrig & amp ; 'Collig without asking residents ? ! feckoffwithyourboundary
I love how when the colts offense is great our defense sucks and now when our defense is doing great our offense sucks
I hang out with a surprising amount of preachers ?
I 've decided blue n me in the alfa is there for comedic value ... only ... call the wife and it dials the local doctors mmm
Scott Walker 's front page right now . GoodRiddance BernieForPresident FeelTheBern
Photo : Conveniently found these babies at the bottom of my wardrobe , just in time for Autumn 😶😑 👠👠
US Deports Murderer to Guatemala , he came to USA instead of Mexico because of their tough immigration lawIrony
What a week for Saudi Arabia ! They become the head of a UN Council on human rights abuse , and they sentence someone to be crucified .
Power 's out at work SanRamon
hindu Vis-a-vis cyber black out in Gujarat . of Indian life
Gruden went to put the loaf of bread back & amp ; it fell off the shelf man . ironic
A bird in the hand is dead . humor bird hand dead sayings proverbs wisdom funny sad deadbird morehashtagsplease
cool I ca n't stand these DC shows I torrent new Downton Abbey lol
and ran formation they said pats cheated with last year
I always said the Tories were pig fuckers for their love of banker fascism .... I didnt actually think itd also be true !
Fraternity Council statement on Bryson 's removal : `` He has led the Council towards a better community ... ''
Black folks need to stick together like these IG hoes because them bitches getting they bills paid and a lot of y'all still broke
When the cable guy gets told that his own wait times are longer than normal . promisednottoleaveme
just called someone fat on Raw
you need better phone communications .. ironic
I swear to god , if it was n't for , I 'd shoot myself into the sun , I 'm so despairing at humanity today .
I 'm listening to that now and just saw this ironic
`` Building bridges '' sign still up in Salzburg Hbf , but there 's no trains to Germany
ISLAM TAKING OVER EUROPE ! Sharialaw USA is NEXT thanks to Democrats AdiosAmerica ! Liberals Ironic
Will applecar be charged by a Lighting cable or will introduce a new plug again ? connectedcar car2x autonomuscar
bambam sweethara anyone always want find him for me but i still dun find any lmh for me Tragic 😂😂😂
Enda , the man who has railroaded the dáil schedule & amp ; pushed all legislative business off for the day , accuses Opposition of games !
And you link a hard core lefty group ? hypocrisy
So my friend 's 'sona is a cat and he just found out he 's allergic to cats .
oh the of this ! Politicians & amp ; animals in the news again ! lol
That old man ’ s football was deflated .
It 's a rainy night in Bethesda . ironicAunt & amp ; I r sending 21 HappyBirthday wishes🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂🎂
The difference b/w the truly good people and those playing good is the former 's infinite patience versus the latter 's zilch . success
I agree , but is n't Twitter the wrong place to deliver that message ?
. on back of lies , deceipt & amp ; more than a little help by rightwing press scares of SNP-Miliband and bacon sarnies piggate
well , he did , but it was with Jeff in the booth remembering the original . Ironic
Did u say friend ! ! ! ! ironic
Not doing my essay for social media class because I 'm too distracted by social media ... ironic socialmediaception
Revis was looking like Ty Law last night against the colts lol
You clearly are very simple man . You are drawing attention to Bolt- then telling us to ignore him .
Guess u saw it 's time to delete . NoInvention Fraud TwinTowersTransportation is biz owned by muslim Dad ?
People tweeting from their cars about how carfreeday in gurgaon has failed !
MARINER White 'supremacy ' cannibalizes itself as a concept by fearing 'non-whites ' . Catch22
sam thank you sam atleast now u changed .She 's now lecturing your fans how to behave 😂
These are all the countries we 're better than ! inequality yolo UK britain swag
These ironic Instagram pictures perfectly capture the two sides of India :
how did nobody between writing/recording/producing point out to her that nothing she was singing about was ironic ? !
when I lost myself the other night , coming across his wretched bully fans in my pics .. I wished him back with Katy .. Here he was ..
Bloody weather .... just in time for days off 💦💨😯 ironic rainyseptember hopingforaniceoctober
German destroys the Volkswagen stocks . VW
as 'chosen to head key UN humanrights panel ' - hope this not oil vs humanrights principles
Nothing but sheer irony ! Starbucks mumbai
Andrew Luck just said there 's a bunch of good footballs in that locker room Ironic
A self portrait of me holding a balloon in pixelart .. i hate balloons so that 's the
nations talking on climatechange and signing treaties on industrialization , manufacturing & amp ; nuclear profits
Oh the irony . Saw a lady with an I ❤️ LONDON umbrella ... rainingcatsanddogs london ☔️☔️☔️
Would have loved to be at Convocation , but flying from Perth to Melb to speak on climate change ? CO2
... I should add , confirmation bias is the only `` evidence '' on which religion stands ( and ultimately falls ) .
there is nothing simple about SOAP ( Simple Object Access Protocol )
your ad has a question about laughter followed by one about hate ... Hashtag irony ?
omg omg omg the World is so SMALL ! hahahahahaha
Today I find out if I am being made redundant , in my lunch hour though because we are short staffed
speaking of Drones ... fans having to blindly pay Ticketmaster £8 per ticket for your shows PLUS postage . Thoughts on that ?
Everything is super ironic tonight . Guess I 'm in the mission sf
Saudi Arabia to execute 17 yr old by beheading & amp ; crucifixion . In other news , Saudi Arabia 'chosen to head key UN humanrights panel '
bcs they r not my bias
The of a 'ruling party ' dinosaur bemoaning 'pensioners ' in the RWC2015 squad ... ShutUp Buffoon SouthAfrica
To give the performance of your life , and suddenly to know that you were just the supporting actor on a unique and beautiful story . Ironic
When all you want is a pb & amp ; j , and all you have is steak ... ironic
peaceday and knotted gun behind ? ? ? ironic and oddly hilarious
Following high pressure steam washing Trevithick memorial in Redruth is looking a bit worn . ironic
Funny how some of us broke bitches have it all . ironic
funny thing is his very reticence to reply directly speaks more honestly than anything he actually says
some judges have started sweating n writing their wills Ironic ... cux dem knw say AnasIsComing
Israel being featured on peace day snapstory .
electronic signatures though ... ironic
How surprising ... Trump
When the hoe you do n't trust has `` do n't trust a hoe '' as her Twitter bio ironic
of the world we live in ... UN HumansRightCouncil
So I was eating a bowl of life cereal when suddenly I start choking . It was then that I realized `` Life is trying to kill me ! ''
Using money for bookmarks because I 'm too poor to buy one .
John Cena does n't even listen to rap music . 😕
Torode Heh , my browser blocked that due to emarketer tracker
Does no one tell the truth on this show ! FakingIt ironic
People talking about how well they listen .
I ca n't believe someone used `` man you really do stink '' and they 're jabbing at u about being a comedian
you know , it ’ s probably just you .
`` never underestimate a man 's capacity for self-delusion . '' literally a quote from this episode of law & amp ; order : svu . 😂
When even your dreams are giving you a wake up call ... ironic
NoWords found 1 What 's best manner to remove spewed coffee from monitor ? Just wipe it clean , with rag or something ?
ultimate ADMK oppose rallies as it disrupts normal life . these morons do this everyday 4 Jayalalitha
they 'll be sick if everyone 's up to it , but they 've just been much more effective & amp ; efficient at scaling it
Speed up reviews on every project but KXL .
. . Interesting banner ad and story pairing this morning in the . mobile app . ironic
IronyIs needing scissors to open my scissors ! LifeProblems ; - )
Catching up on SugarRush on TenPlay and every ad break has included ads for sugary foods
Biggest democracy does not acknowledge majority backed minimal viable constitution of a starting nation ? BackOffIndia
The bishop IS meeting with the Pope to talk about immigration and how important is to be compassionate !
Lawyers wants u to get into trouble . Doctors wants u to get sick . Coffin makers wants u to be dead . Only thieves wants u to be Rich .
Does anyone else see the here ?
Hillarious that a ex-GM exec has the balls to disparage something as a `` money pit . ''
I 'm putting in a formal complaint ! Absolutely disgusting ! That 's if someone bothers to contact me ? ? Thomson Cares ? Ironic 😡😡
Waiting in for a delivery watching TheFlash
Miss Malini is so horny that She married a Dhaka Guy
When people wait for you to pull out at the gym to get a close parking space ironic
`` Science has many open enemies , '' esp in religion , wrote Freud ( 1927 ) . Now , vested interests malign for siding w science .
A supporter just said I should be embarrassed for supporting twilightzone
Get into geopolitical discussion with immigrant cabbie . He states if he were a leader he ’ d keep all immigrants out . is lost on him
for your next joke go for dumb people . The alone will be worth the laugh .
The of poor communication from a communications supplier grammar
Such is life
You would n't believe it but there is a VW board member called Olaf Lies . .Volkswagen ironic
Ordinary , the new extraordinary . Think about it . truth
why am I being spammed by your announcement about spam ?
Hillary Clinton releases video demanding society stop doubting women who make rape allegations : anyone ? tcot
`` : Cong & amp ; AAP have started defending Rajdeep who calls himself '' neutral '' journo . IronyDevendraSlapsRajdeep
The word ‘ misquote ’ is first attributed to Shakespeare , one of the most misquoted writers of all time shakespeare triviatuesday
Great to see Brie isolating the leg much like the 4 horsemen used to do on a nightly basis . Raw
When your teacher ironically drinks coffee ! ☕️☕️ ilove1stperiod
My ACA , college transfer success class gives more homework than the rest of my classes combined . Makes me want to drop out cpcc
Scott Walker aborts his campaign before viability . ironic plannedparenthood tcot
on eve of Equinox . . . .Irony of Nature . . .
I 've been telling everyone else to check their formatting & amp ; stuff for sytycw15 . Then I thought . I hope I got mine right .
do you know , no one knows who invented the fire hydrant because its patent was destroyed in a fire ironic interestingfacts tuesdaytrivia
Can you ask the executive office to acknowledge either of the 2 emails I 've sent Olaf Swantee about poor service .
i used to indirect people here but i forgot how to because i became mature sorry
The movers of the Bill justify the removal of the mandatory campaign in each district to the increased number of districts in Uganda .
Last OC play ... WalangReceive Libero
We , Filipinos should hate the Americans . And why do we still acknowledge Aguinaldo ? And why am I speaking English . Lol
I need help finding someone that can help me write a Self-Help book .
the actual Equinox is on 23 September , just happens to be my Birthday so guess ' I own it ' funny USHEQX
Live tweeting from Canada Twitter office . ironic
Worlds expensive speech will be delivred by in of RS:15 crores with staff of 70 people IRONIC
Who were the developers in Volkswagen ? Isn´t there an ethical behaviour in our industry of software development ? : (
20 Things Only People From California Say « NOW 100.5 FM ironic californiagrown onlysay5these whocameupwithethese
Had the worst dream , and woke up with the worst headache ever . ironic
How is it that ShoutYourAbortion & amp ; PopeInDC are both trending right now ? Just shows the crazy that is our world .
... says a man who published fake photos as the editor of the Mirror 😱😂😂😂😂
haha .. very true . That 's actually an inspiring quote .
The feeling of not feeling anything ironic
You made me happy but the sad part is that you made me happy .
The safety guy just cut his hand trying to show us how to use a fire extinguisher .
Of course World Car-Free Day = worst traffic day of my new commute . Ironic Disincentive
I do n't get this govt over the VW emissions scandal : they 're just calling for an EU investigation . France just kicked off its own . ?
BTW , I should add , that 's exactly what atheism & amp ; other false worldviews stand on and ultimately fall .
Time to finally make some Marios . SuperMarioMaker
Is it just me who finds it ironic that the Pope is seen sucking face with the Castros in Cuba ? One of the most repressive regimes ever .
Green Campus , `` they said '' . ironic greencampus ipb
I won something in Starbucks but I do n't drink coffee . Haha ! ironicI 'm giving it away to whoever can go here and claim it by 8:30pm .
. So , for , the political equivalent of PhysicianHealThyself ? Like Revenge , is a dish best eaten cold
I was 22 , & amp ; I missed my chance of 4thRowShania DontBeStupid ILoveK102
I might be learning to save lives but nursing school is killer studentnurse
HA HA HA WHAT AN AND WHEN MEAT WAS BANNED FOR 4 DAYS IN MUMBAI HUGE DEBATE ON PAID MEDIA HA HA HA
was her husband not a convicted murderer ? Liked the old bombs ? IRONIC
If you are an NFL quarterback , and you signed a massive preseason deal ... you 're team is mediocre at best . Congratulations . Sports
I just love it when Junior Doctors are falling over each other to impress you . Its not irritating in the slightest .
I wonder if will scan Ahmed 's clock to see if its a bomb when he visits the white house !
And life has a funny , funny way of helping you out when you think everything 's gone wrong and blew up Ironic
I will be diagnosing people in primarycare clinic when improvingdiagnosis report released .
Life has a funny way of sneaking up on you when you think everything 's okay and going right Ironic
5,000-Year-Old Throne in Turkey May Be First Evidence of Birth of Secular State System
2 things you should never do . Put faith in something that you have no control over . and end sentences with prepositional phrases . fr
I just got a spam pr pitch asking `` what would your day be like without distractions ? '' nothelping
Just to confirm : she just waived her DUI charge up Doylestown . Oh , her last name is Gross .
How to make a customer even grumpier ? Plastering `` Avoid bad surprises '' on your website .
No abortions but your at a Gun Range ... Ironic
Max thinks it 's ironic because gram thought that max saved Kevin , but really Kevin guided him away from blade .
K thx retweet favorite twitter deep podcast movies unrelated nochill
When exactly did come to mean a complete lack of self-awareness ? ( Recognizing I use the word that way without all the time ) .
Definition of -while blockading Crimea , Right Sector Nazis begging for basic foodstuffs , water , toilet paper
Listening to people debate politics is hysterical ... while few are truly informed enough to judge , everyone knows better than Obama
This sounds an awful like what happens when liberals move to red states islam tcot p2
Well this is a very positive fortune cookie at probably the most ironic time . fortunecookie
We are starting our 90 Minute Magento kickstarter Presentation . It will last approx 55 minutes . mm15ny
It is ironic because the whole time Freak was telling him where to go resulting in Freak doing the rescuing not max
Student support has mad my daughter want to ditch school and never go back . ironic
fuck the OF but your obssessed talking about it
Why the game is not compatible with iPhone C ? I want to play but I ca n't play , really thanks ! ironic
With in front row , hits `` stale politicians . '' amusing gapol
It is ironic because it looks like the bigger Max is rescuing the small freak but it is freak rescuing max ironic
So much for being pro life , huh ?
Pushing long form content on Twitter ... mozinar
Well look at this 😏 Hah ! RT : free2bvee Welcome home Coach ! ♥✈😁
I think that max saved freak because he could of told of told him where to go but freak is big and could put him in .
isKingBeast - on who responds . 👀
when the technology VT you 're supposed to be filming gets cancelled ... because suddenly the tech is n't 'working ' .... directorwoes
Gurgaon 's Car free day ! ! More traffic than normal days . epicfail . I hope the next Tuesday will see less traffic . CarFreeDay
I 've been A+ certified since 1996. randomFact
Its ironic because freak is the smart one and max is the clumsy dumb one it should be freak rescuing max
its ironic because freak came up with a plan and rescued them , not max .
. U , sir , are an opportunistic parasite .
I think it 's ironic because max is n't as thoughtful as some people
When you lose your glasses but you need your glasses to find your glasses 😐
Love that schadenfreude is the most common response to the emissions scandal ! Volkswagen ironic german
. this is concerning . No hope for the future . And yet here I am tweeting from my phone
It 's ironic because Freak is so much smarter than him and Max just did what Freak told him to do .
reporting Cisse injured ! His form is worse than San Marino yet it 's a back injury that 's ruling him out spineless ironic
You would n't believe there 's a VW board member called Olaf Lies ! Volkswagen ironic via loans
Tuesday . Named after the Norse god Týr . I wonder why Christians and Muslims still call it Tuesday if they do n't believe in Týr.irony
Who 'd have thought that a company that could make such boring cars could be so daring too ! cars vw news
So would it be safe to say that Selfie related deaths have jumped the shark ?
defense blew a 33 to 10 lead . But yes . Corn defeated the corn huskers . ironic
she got one from work herself that sits at home .
Ted Cruz , who worked 4 the 2000 Bush Campaign , does n't `` think we shld trust governing our society to 5 unelected lawyers in DC . `` irony ...
Chris Christie gives leader of New Jersey National Guard 90 days to slim down via
Even if she did , what 's that say about RWNJs that claim that as the starting point and they believed it or still do ?
I think he thinks it is ironic because , Freak told him what to do Max just followed directions .
I think that he thinks a ironic assessment situation because freak saved him by telling him where to go
Portugal has +- same number as rich Austria and Belgium . Nice !
When you have to spark note the bible and there 's an ad for your catholic high schoolironic
. Agreed . Should 've passed jobs bill . hypocrite
Cameron at its finest
it looks ironic bc you would think that the bigger person would stick up for the little person .
screwing people for money , hmmm you just fucked karma ! ironic
it 's probably because there is n't enough diversity amongst adventure captalists , automotive CEOs and hedgefund managers .
in this situation it is ironic because Freak is smart and could solve his own problems , Max just did what he was told
An extra from 'suits ' is in our class , what are the chances ironic
Never has it been easier to drive around DC . ironic calm
The Unexpectedly Chronicles : A Liberal recipe for Ferguson Junk Bonds : ferguson tcot p2
I do n't judge people based on race , religion , or sexual orientationI DO judge people based on how hacky their Tweets areirony
Why , because max does n't know him self to be a good person that 's saves people he does n't see his self as a hero . ftm
It 's ironic when Max says `` Me rescue freak , what a joke '' because it was actually Freak the came up with the plan .
and just moments ago . Love it ! ismellsconesandlattes
My other half has just told me I need some practice on Twitter ... Surely this ca n't be true
Let 's conclude to avoid conclusions . focusonthefacts RbaumsAP3 ironic
Freak is always saving Max but now because Max had him on his shoulders it looked like Max saves him .
Just arrived to BA BuenosAires . Huge city . lovelypeople amazing nofilters
rowling what is Neville Longbottom 's patronus ? I like to think it 's an elephant ironic or paradoxical
but he saved freak by keeping him up in the water because max is big and could run through them that 's why its ironic
ohh he pleads the case ironic sadboys : ' (
It 's ironic because Freak was really saving Max , nigh the other way around
Yes because max thinks that freak saved him not that he saved freak
And told you it got worse
a banksy fan account re-tweeting corporate sponsored adverts . ironic do n't ya think ?
A vampire ruled by the Sun ... well that puts a whole new light on things ... VampireKnight
you have really let me down . IOS 9 has frozen and destroyed my iPhone and the only way to contact Apple is to phone . ironic
It 's ironic because you would think the bigger person would save the smaller person because the bigger kid is strong
Programme about economic migrants travelling across Europe is greatest ITV show… & amp ; is praised by the Daily Mail
All of the Fantasy leagues I play in except the ones I paid for I 'm winning , like is my new best friend .
Brian Williams returns to TV at MSNBC to cover PopeInDC & amp ; no one 's FORGIVing him based on Twitter . How funny !
Lolol ohhhhhhhh the
Clocks disguised as suitcase bombs will be forever known as Ahmed Clocks IStandWithAhmed
trying to do an assignment for my advertising class & amp ; realized I had to turn ad-block off ironic
is right that Terps should root for Duke to land Harry Giles or Javin DeLaurier to push Wenyen Gabriel away
Big traffic snarl on MLK E. of Nebraska due to accident w/ injuries in front of traffic safety school . Tampa traffic
Miss piggy is on tv tonight . ironic 👸🏼😂🐷
I swear , no intended . I just think stromae gets it right !
Its ok to listen to stitches by post surgery right ? life
My new , non-school issued or approved netbook fits into my school-issued sleeve case better than my school-issued iPad does .
looking forward to tomorrow like a hole in the head 👍🏼👍🏼 ironic banterQUEEN notthatfunny wherehas6monthsgone
😂 he said he wanted the judge to cry after our performance but he cried instead lol ironic
So they celebrate the International Day of Peace on my birthday .
Muslim flight attendant , now there 's a term you do n't hear often ! Lol ! ! !
something else now , ca n't tell exactly but its the same tune as `` El pueblo , unido , jamas sera vencido ! '' in there somewhere
Delhi ex-Law minister running away from law . somnathbharti
atx where grafitti is ironic blackmagic bmpcc
ha ! I 'm just back from Canada AND COULD N'T GET A BLOODY TICKET !
Many years ago I collided with a blind guy while walking downtown . Today , a blind guy hit me with his cane .
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas playing on YomKippur ?
Just got cutoff by a cop texting while driving .
Now there 's dieselgate board member of vw dealing with it is ... Olaf lies ... sounds totally trustworthy ...
It 's like purposefully increased their hell-on-Earth service in honor of the apopealypse
. Thank you ! The funny part is that my 4 y/o is wearing those same pants his brother wore .. TODAY ! ha ! Fallin3SoFab
`` Thank goodness we have a so called `` Long Term Economic Plan '' otherwise what state would we be in ?
I always say in the back of the bus because it was the coolest spot . at its finest
Heartfelt story on the Pope on national news .... followed immediately by a commercial for cialis
atx where grafitti is ironic blackmagic bmpcc
where would you be without them though ? Ironic
sept 2014 : Chelsea extremely disappointed Manchester City have spent £ above their means
Well there goes the `` profits '' liberals made from the teacher strike on class size & amp ; comp . Class Action lawsuit ? bced
ironic bc t12 just had a fire drill .
you guys realize `` infinity '' is exactly how we all feel about this break in 2016 , right ?
Sometimes the nicest people u meet are covered in tattoos and sometimes the most judgemental people you meet go to church on Sundays !
ProAbortion shouter accuses me of being afraid of women , then immediately blocks me so she ca n't read my reply . LOL
Cover art for my mixtape I 'm dropping soon
Sprint calls me for a survey about their service and the network fails half way through the call ...
`` : Is the New Testament reliable ? Bible Christian
This is headline shows the humble nature of this country in preparation of the people 's pope cnn jackass
After obliterating millions of Muslims , US is keen to give shelter to a handful of Muslims refugees .
De Bruyne just scored and Wolfsburg just conceded 2 in 2 mins .
`` French National Front head to stand trial for comparing Muslims to Nazis '' Oh my .. very PotKettleBlack ironic
Joe Biden personallyopposed to abortion but willing to fight to defend it Robert E. Lee felt the same way about slavery & amp ; Secession
Sick of autocorrect making me spell things WRONG . text ironic stupid clever sketch quote
good piece , important subject . Shame para 6-8 so sexist and never how media would talk about men . feminism
I hope price gouging is made illegal , charged & amp ; bankrupt , thrown in jail & amp ; butt raped , gets AIDS , & amp ; ca n't afford drugs .
The one time I try to catch the earlier trains , it breaks down . It 's no . 176 btw
Oh wow ... FunnyVideos FightVideos MMA Humor
Was driving to my psychiatrist 's office , listening to the radio . Pink Floyd 's `` Comfortably Numb '' plays just before arrival . noted .
Watching broadcast all these girls who are spending all this money to go see the pope , because of his love of the poor .
Judge Akpe in Volta Region didnt even say Thank You after receiving the bribe 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 WatchingTheAnasMovie
Mechanic65 Good , after I wiped the drool off it , cracking machine , were talking about them this afternoon
The final of Romeo & amp ; Juliet took me by surprise , seriously . I could n't have imagined it that way . ♥ ROHromeo
18K plus Catholic pilgrims gather at what was once city 's transportation hub . ReadingTerminal Metaphor
A reported 30 % of republicans polled say Islam should be illegal in the US . Yet they make KimDavis a hero for religious freedom
why ? It 's like the platform oil drilling protesters-protesting in their kayaks ( made from petroleum based products )
leadership = vision + empathy - Everything comes down to people
Accident – CLEARED - North Ryde – eastbound at the start of the Lane Cove Tunnel – delays back to the M2 tolls
His Popeness does n't spend much time in the US , because he finds our views on science and social equality to be antiquated .
I realize the of playing Imperials in Battlefront II just after getting a Rebellion tattoo .
David Milliband , voted for the Iraq War & amp ; supporter of the neo-con agenda . Now suddenly the helper of refugees . Newsnight
Tomorrow 's lesson : Grade2 theyareready
Everyone is idling their cars for 30 mins waiting for their turn in line at the DEQ clean air station
Alan Jones keeps calling Border Force ; Customs , then bemoans `` all these new names '' . ironic
Mine too . It 's fun being told `` u should have been aborted '' by people who call themselves `` pro-life ''
dot A real nice guy pink
criticised for use of socialmedia discussing job by predecessor on now there is
Laying in the chair at the dentist waiting for freezing to set in and ca n't feel my face comes on the radio 😂😂😂 dentist
Strange is n't it that we buy water in a bottle branded `` naive '' backwards when there 's perfectly good water in the tap .
Back on the tweets to point out that Metro just bailed me out after Pope/Obama and a Lyft almost made me miss this flight . forgive
The other day I was like if Styles got a Snapchat I would be all over that , the next day got a Snapchat . ironic
Turned on CNN just in time to see them getting way excited about a landing plane . PopeInDC
Lying Brian Williams hauled out on for arrival.irony PopeinUS
Your new Comercial makes me laugh because my phone only works in one corner of my house ironic sprint atandt verizon
Pope 's plane makes a couple loops over NC on way to see President - would be ironic if he flew over Pope AFB !
Received a compliment today that I look very relaxed . If only this person knew just how much effort it takes to look this relaxed .
PetronEver have a feeling a candidate was n't right for America ? irony
One roomie is craving a cheeseburger . The other , a bran muffin . ironic much ?
Ironic Poetic Verse RED & amp ; GREEN About Temptation RT Humor Humorous Joke is on satan
Bout to drink this whole bottle of wine before finishing this paper on prohibition alcoholwon itsduetomorrowtho
I was cleaning our girls ' roomMy youngest exclaimed `` Cinderella 's missing shoe ! ! `` disney barbie dolls
The of missed opportunity : if you 're asleep when it knocks you 're unaware you missed it . Awakening
Shrinking support systems for a dramatically growing aging population .
Idk . Makes no sense . But neither do they ... ironic
thanks for being a fan . I took apart a VCR once .
Ken Singleton quips on the Yankees broadcast how the Jays could potentially be undone by a guy named Bird .
Constantly having to nag my kid to stop reading or stop writing and do her homework .
My mind is imploding because I got mad at him for being out-of-touch and then could n't tell if he was joking .
You know for someone who really loves to be alone ! I 'm pretty sad I 'm alone right now
Jamie Lee Curtis ! The original ScreamQueen
`` I 'll never eat those DoritosRainbows chips that support the homos , '' says the guy to his wife over his daily bowl of Fruit Loops ... irony
There is a lot of requiring everything encrypted yet biz will unencrypt for various reasons to gain visibility .
is making rich white folks pay thousands to wear rags that slaves use to wear . at it 's finest .
Do n't you love when people do their job ? O o wtf mail writerslife
Someone asked me to keep an open mind about something . I did and responded.They deleted my response . OpenMind
`` Hear that ? it 's the sound of an uninvited guest ... '' Yes it is , web ad that just started autoplaying while I was reading . UX
`` Christians '' , trying to force their beliefs on everyone else , while simultaneously warning of Sharia law ...
Got ta say , weirded out by the pig trying to fatten up the frog on . Get out of there , Kermie ! piggyandkermitforever
Same problem with the state budget .
m26 at this point I 'm really convinced that you 're sick from a lack of vitamin D .
Delta sends me a survey on a flight that was normal but not on the terrible one with huge delays .
thank you bro , You can imagine Islamic republics looking for their match in terror . of the century
This eatery has a clear view into women 's excercise class across street , & amp ; I 'm having cheesecake .
hashtag hollywood runyon hellafilters instagram @ Runyon Canyon Park
yeah , he 's a douche , but he 's cute . Love the shallow judgement coming from people complaining about racism .
was n't so bad - was an adult and more mature - harder dealing with being the darkest skinned kid in group in India .
Today I realized how vastly different my life has become . Nothing in life is trivialCrashIntoMe Blessed
Pope arrives in DC - my German Protestant ancestors are rolling in their graves in Pennsylvania .
Hanging out on the Sunset Strip while my fiancée gets a tattoo : removed ironic
commenting on 's `` idiodacy '' lmao ironic itsidiocy
It 's getting a seat next to the outlet on the train , and not having your phone charger . Ironic
It 's amazing how I just was n't shit for being from the ghetto but now those same people claim they bout that ghetto life 😒 ?
I just might be in the best shape of the whole summer and my diet has been majority fast food for a few weeks .
stress eating while studying for my nutrition exam ....
I avoid media made by most abusers . Its a long list . I do watch Empire tho .
JebBush start & amp ; end campaign 3 months apart—or just having multicultural ironic mood swings ?
i do n't understand the meaning of my reading about meaning . how ironic
Candidates argue that a Muslim president would promote Sharia law & amp ; thus theology yet support a ChristianAmerica .
Humor brings insight and tolerance . brings a deeper and less friendly understanding.- Agnes Repplier quotes
I 'm making ice cream ... right before I go to the gym . ironic priorities cooking foodie healthy
I can feel a big love coming from that photo just by looking at these two men faces… ^ ^
So this guy who claims to be about preventing online abuse is tweet-harassing
guns are for scared-shitless cowards . So is God . 😄 lol again ...
charming that you use the words of others to make your point , since you ca n't make any of your own
So many people go to the gym daily in their big SUVs ... to ride a cycle😂😂😂
I 'm pro sending them tho .
This is funny . problemas
Did just say `` idiodicy '' ? VoicePremiere StillLoveHimThough
I 've been so busy at Twitter that I have n't had time to check Twitter .
It took them a whole week to review PES2016 and only a couple of hours to review FIFA16 . Ironic lame
The sugar industry fights to stay in the diets of older infants/ toddlers obesity
So many Christians outraged about ShoutYourAbortion even tho ' the god they worship commanded infanticide & amp ; sacrifice of 1stborn sons
My room wreaks of cig smoke . They have `` lung cancer awareness '' magnets on their car what ironic
martinshkreli could n't handle Has option to protect himself while taking people 's options away
Doing our readings while playing what do u mean ironic
GTA is checking my texts for profanity ? lol GTAV GTAO
technically incomplete sentences are allowed
Muslims are evil and islam is nothing more than a terrorism manifest . says the Christian
shut up , not `` shup ''
`` Freedom '' at UOW BCM311
Let 's boost the team 's morale of a group of women by taking them to the playboy mansion ! ! dashdolls
TXTeenBookFest : RT SoVerySophie : This needs to be a theme in a book I write someday . truth …
hey kids . Want to see pegmeter break ?
So Rhinelander just got yellow for unnecessary delay and refs have just spent 5 minutes figuring out what happens next
. ⬆ 's price drug fighting toxoplasmosis , an `` opportunistic parasitic infection '' . tasteownmed
ad buffering while on the FiOS network
Watching the evening news on all-things-Pope.Cut to commercial . `` This portion of the evening news brought to you by Cialis . '' Humorous
I did have to use it though
2/2 Though within three months both have now moved out of their respective organisations
Argentina accuses UK of hypocrisy in regard to chagos by championing their cause .... And thus being hypocritical themselves dullards
It 's awesome how the last thing you get at service centers is SERVICE ! ! ! irony
Thinking about 's `` Software is eating the world '' and the billions of EUR eaten out of VW because of it ironic
'heneral Luna ' on Being PH Entry to Oscars : It 's Ironic
whenIwasYoung I never had to worry , I let my parents do that for me 😔
Former cop & amp ; owner of Sentenced to 2 Years in Prison for Training Customers to Lie .
It 's pretty ironic how people get mad when you treat them the same way they treat you ironic
I made fun of that classic man song when it 1st came out and periodically have been wearing suits and ties once a week since
Not a big deal .... I do n't think we consider AlNusraFront terrorists : ) : ) : ) Irony
baybee LOL ... KillYourself lem me guess , you 're pro-life ?
Oh , the ! ! ! Christie WeightLoss
haha . .... remember when said `` idiodocy '' instead of idiocy . .. haha . ....... awkward ironic
these MPs & amp ; Senators had some lose cash somewhere to go buy uniforms . funny they are in solidarity with the teachers . hypocrites
Good use of here : 16 Times Hilarious Graffiti Made Life So Much Better
Incapable of managing his money , The Count gets foreclosed upon & amp ; must relocate to Avenue Q NewMuppetPlotlines
Singaporeans complain there are too many FTs in SG yet we ca n't get them to fill crucial positions . complainkings
People often start protesting against racism by using a black flag ironic
SaudiArabia to head the UN panel on human rights then behead AliMohammedalNimr for practicing his human rights .
Wonder how many of those people watching CorrieLive will record it on a PVR without any sense of
I 'm definitely not litigious , and I 'll sue anyone who says I am ! jokes lawyers repeattweet ?
eventhough 90 % of those khazar converts arent even technically semites . While palestinians are .
This was Main point of Fighting DelhiElections
of Volkswagen : a cleaner diesel gets worse mpg than a dirty one .
Asking SaudiArabia to head the UN panel on HumanRights is like asking KimDavis to officiate a gay wedding .
Someone named Francis has the byline on 's A1 Pope story
I want to swim 🏊 but I ca n't because I had my hair treatment last night .
Zammit Someone defending religion telling an atheist to 'grow up ' . 😂😂
NFCEast title is a jump-ball now because of ChipKelly signing Murray from Dallas . But only Redskins & amp ; Giants are beneficiaries Ironic
I MEANT FAIL WHALE HAHAHA
I love agile software development , but I hate changes .
Laptop crashed on me right after I finished my Ep lol ironic macbook
So if I like but dislike , I 'm racist ? Carson2016 Hillary2016 Cruz2016 Trump2016
So BenCarson wishes to deny a Muslim from becoming POTUS when his race would have denied him from doing so 50 years back . smh
It used to be a woman 's destiny was the kitchen . Now it is a `` privilege '' to stay home .
I am not sure if I wear this with anymore or if I want people to ask about my…
! Indian Economist Try to present that DBT help to reduce poverty & amp ; Economic survey said that Subsidy do not help to reduce poverty !
First I read that `` human meat '' Whoa- funny that `` e '' changes everything . Big diff between `` human '' & amp ; `` humane ''
autumn equinox this morning , nights getting longer than the days oh and end of the week/weekend getting sunnier and warmer ☀☀☀
hold on to this ship , motherearth , because there are not enough veggies to fight obesity even tho u know they want 2 ... sad ,
Erm ... Had to scroll all the way the the top again to share on facebook .
Jamaat-e-Islami 's name is enlisted in Karachi unrest case , but I can see JI 's Al-Khidmat billboards at every point in Karachi .
these tweets are not about you ! so stop that subtweeting please : -DIrony ( Ye waalee hai albatta ) : -D
Selfies kill more people than shark attacks and still the sharks r universally blamed ? ?
Really look fwd to an article if any.May hold ans.to the vexing issue of how India could raise costs for Pak for Kashmir
whens the last time morning joe mentioned republiKKKlans PEDOPHILE denny hastert ? ... bush committed WAR CRIMES with water boarding
but he dead bro ironic
2hours on M6 trying to get to our stand at ESS2015 Hope to see you soon ironic emergency services busy today -thank you guys
Tomorrow is the last day of summer break for me , but the first day of Fall . ironic
whenIwasYoung I had no time to think .. it 's all work and work lol
People want privacy on social media.Irony
These Idlers going to Uhuru park most likely have n't gone to school , yet they support teachers .. galore
The homeless community of NYC is being cleared from their encampments by NYPD for ?
For someone who earns money from social media , I 'm not really that social .
I love how so many are actually escaping the effects of Islam , and are then thanking Allah for reaching safety 😕irony
Catch the news or the Today show at about 9:00am ... that is all . 👀👀🎤🎼🎶🎶 PopeinDC unGodlyhour
He is not , he is a puppy that deserves to be taken care of BC of his mental problems goshirony
Waiting at Manchester Piccadilly station because at 24 still ca n't understand a 24 hour clock . ironic tellingthetime hourearly
Still ... cant have enough of this news !
Called proper English . reccanize
Im so bored of the art lessons i conducted
😂😂😂 what a
Ironic that iphones , made by regimented Chinese workers are using hillary clinton smileys . Ironic and a bit scarey . RedEye
Me : Love me loads n lots . Daughter : OK but only two kisses and no hug , nothing moar ! love 😇
Started a new restaurant today ; also found out my old restaurant was sold today- and will be closing in a few weeks.ironic lucky
The moment u wake up like a zombie with headache after a night with sensors that test if you have problems with sleeping & amp ; breathing
An `` Aam Aadmi '' Who Stands In A Queue For Hours Is Thrown Out In 5-10 Seconds 2/2
Yes , I 'm tweeting about a blog post about a book . ironySome great ( and scary ) quotes in here though .
Three more shifts and I 'm switching jobs . Suddenly a surprise cash audit .
I 'd this FF that is writing this ?
I love that the No Pants Party tweet was right above the Planned Parenthood tweet in my twitter feed ! ironic
If you download pirated movies you do n't have to watch the stupid ad that tells you not to .
What 's really IRONIC is that Mulcair was repping liberal ideology when he made that sttmnt cdnpoli facepalm
LPCSlaggingNDP & amp ; IRONIC that Mulcair was repping liberal ideology when he made that sttmnt cdnpoli facepalm
MasculinitySoFragile I dare any Feminist to challenge me in debate . I 'll start : If this is the case , why the girl power hashtags ? ironic
Heath services is handing out free chips .....
Cell-U-Lose is Fat.Irony
Shattered my phone last night while showing off my shatterproof case MY TRANSITION INTO FULL ALANIS MORISSETT DRAG IS COMPLETE ironic
By the time a woman realizes her mother was right , she has a daughter who thinks she is wrong . mamaknowsbest
James , thanks for sharing ! If you 're willing , please vote in our poll FreeToAbstain
thats a ironic statement
You 're using an anonymous twitter account arguing in my mentions about how your masculinity is n't fragile . MasculinitySoFragile
Couple dudes wearing confederate flag shirts and `` welcome to the south , now go home '' hats at chipotle in Miami .. ironic
No voting wankers singing flower of Scotland
calling someone out for being snarky and annoying by writing a snarky and annoying article
... those who tell killers not to kill are called militants ! ! !
j3r `` I stand with Rand '' picture of people sitting ironic Sorry first thing that came to mind looking at this
There are a lot of U.S. Border Patrol officers providing security along the Pope 's parade route .
We can dance all night Ibiza by aisling dreams
My pilot has a Britishaccent
Today is the first day of fall and it 's also national fall prevention day ... Coincidence ? I think not .
love the idea that the poor little 1 % are being hounded up into their ivory towers by UK lefties ironic
You could define by how much the GOP is opposed to the policies of PopeInUSA .
Stabbed myself in the hand with my hunger games key ring 😟
Hmm , maybe , but I think this is more about paving the way for war . Obama using the Bush template .
what are the chances Kams return results in him being a bust ?
FactOfTheDay Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia is the fear of long words ! Ironic
Justin 's pope voice sounds more like a rabbi
It 's so easy to stay busy when you have nothing to do actorslife PopeInUSA
$ CDTI clean diesel got a huge spike .
If someone tries to convince you 're better off with non-fiduciary advice , run away .
When ur on a conf call w/ a client & amp ; they mention they 're going to Ellen & amp ; some other shows at WB next wk . I 'm doing that in 2 weeks !
An Instagram post about `` intentionally abandoning social media ''
And those who just keeps quite , stays .
Lol - where were all the phone calls and emails I 'm getting from job agencies last year when I was out of work ! gotajob work
The of me posting this at work is not lost on me .
Wow ... Now everyone has to cut off their `` go-to '' finger used on popular devices ...
`` The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax . '' Albert Einstein taxes quote
The chocolate-themed restaurant near my house is now a pediatric dentistry office .
mccabe His whole original tweet was him whinging that he was n't allowed an opinion !
Ha a moth has just flown out of my underwear drawer . 😂😂😂
Imagine if people in TC vanished in a puff of vapour if they told a lie ...... Ironic
AnasIsWatchingYou ironiesoflife @ Coastal Estates , Spintex Rd
`` I bet if some of those backups only had chance , they could really shine '' Ironic
Alvarez won 119 games in 19 yrs and they love him . Ferentz has won 118 games @ Iowa in 17 seasons .
1st day of autumn ; the google doodle ( squirrel ! ) depicts a squirrel getting distracted . UpFansRejoice !
It 's not like a lot people are watching them , either ... Especially with 2 boring hosts .
This is pure unadulterated entertainment colonization WhitePrivilege gentrification downtownbrooklyn
... and the government is trying to get tourists from taking pictures like this ...
is my 1 1/2yr old son eating a cookie off our treadmillLiving the dream Emmett !
lol , drink `` male '' tears ... not everything is about males !
Today : 1 ) Run around like a crazy person in an attempt to meet looming deadlines . 2 ) Teach freshmen class on time management .
that was a joke that they would respond after flight time
Excited about this book by but the earliest I can fit it into my schedule is 3 months from now .
If someone tries to convince you 're better off with non-fiduciary advice , run away .
I heard from a woman 's mouth `` there 's no fuing gents left in this world now '' .Oh what a lady .
+ tell the difference btw me criticizing feminism and me criticizing them personally . MasculinitySoFragile
I told u . It 's confirmed ... Uncle owns moving company called TwinTowersTransportation Muslim
: Ladies first but ladies never text first 󾌦󾰑󾌦
great article this morning 14 should hook up with and be their spokesman ironic
Do n't be too crazy , or I 'll be crazy for you.QuoteoftheDay
Julianna is saying Christine is a close friend of her and Keith but that is joke , ok ? 👌
`` It 's as if he prides himself on being a total douchebag . `` irony
PopeFrancis quoted MLK who is named after Martin Luther 's commitment to scripture that freed so many from a pope . nohopeinthepope
In fact it is where he veers left that he is most right.ironic
`` you look to much like love . '' - katymcallister sadbuttrue
At last celebrity women in lesbian relationships are no big deal ... and yet you still wrote an article on it
What an irony ! LifeInPieces LifeisWhy
Always wake up w/migraine on days I go 2 Vanderbilt 2 get tiny needles full of botox stuck in my skull to prevent migraine .
Ironic News : Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is heading the UN Panel on Human Rights KSA HumanRights How come ? Idiotic
Coincidence that Mickey Matthews calls in on a show in which Frank Beamer is coming up as a guest ?
crazy ur call of Beltrans hr was warily similar 2 a yogi quote , it 's deja vu all over again and then he passes away . ironic
I had no idea it was an animated gif .. due to the fact I viewed it on my Lumia
I have the day off for Yom Kippur , while my Jewish boyfriend will work a 12+ hour day
Missing GBBO due to making macarons ! ! ! iplayer
So in NJ , 43rd is `` not gambling '' when done in a gambling venue ?
Stuck on the gatwickexpress on my way to Warsaw listening to the Polish man on the phone ... kurwa ... kurwy ... kurwicy ... whyohwhy
Waltham Forest has had filters for a long time not least as a result of big road building . wfminiholland
haha ! Yes , go to Facebook , who track you even when you switch the app off !
lol all the meat they ate still needs to be slaughtered ironic
SanFrancisco 'No Tech Zone ' sign goes viral , thru TECH NOTech LOOKUPPEOPLE
Just realized someone stole my Toledo Police Citizens Academy coffee mug from my desk .
LOL . Just like my married friends turn to me for advice . Me , the Currently Single girl with one failed engagement .
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
the pope is in America and I am in Italy . ironic
not surprised ! He never came close to doing that for your lot ! ironic
You 're becoming Brock , brock 's becoming me , and I 'm becoming Barbara Jean ! Reba
We are all unique , just like everyone elseunique
MasculinitySoFragile fights stereotypes about gender roles ... by capitalizing on stereotypes about gender roles hashtag
Beady eye the roller playing in before the utd game ironic
so you heap praise on an openly politically biased Walker & amp ; pour opprobrium on the carefully neutral BBC .
Any one else watching CorrieLive on catch up then ironic SkyPlus
What if I never win an Oscar ? And they make a movie 75 years from now about how I never won , and the actor playing me wins an Oscar ?
Someone is practicing `` Someone Like You '' by Adele in a practice room close to me , what are the odds .. 😂
They did n't exactly paint that sign on a cave wall
Threads are bad . Threads are bad . Threads are bad . Threads are bad .... Wait , We now have thread pools ! Genius ! Threads are great !
Complaint that an Anglophone using fútbol is cultural appropriation ? LMAO ironic and comic TheAtlantic Oberlin notacommentontheissue
I find it slightly ironic that there are engaging in some serious capitalism by hawking Pope tshirts to crowd waiting . Ironic PopeInDC
People who often proclaim they have a type or do n't like a certain type of people end up marrying the same type they do n't like life
Seeing feminist trying to destroy masculinity , encourages me to be more masculine out of spite . FemininitySoFragile
Email of the day
Horrible to see mkdons getting a kicking tonight . That 's the last thing they deserve
Well that 's ironic stayclassyDC
Lol @ my aunt getting a tattoo when she was the one who judged me the most when I got mine ironic
On hold with call center for 35min now and then `` say something I 'm giving up on you '' plays . The is beyond me .
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
Everything is planned but u do n't know the plan .
KH respond sadly , some people never learn that they do n't get to tell the other person what hurts that person
This is true - I identify as Bi the most I 've been through is being discredited as has done ironic
I am sure there used to be a successful , reliable , company called the Great Western Railway . When our railways led the world . ironic
Karma is one badass gangster bitch for real
Got ta start remembering some Pope Quotes for when I find myself arguing with Conservative Catholics .
This happened . YomKippur FirstDayofFall Original Facebook Family Iowa Christian
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
shaking my head at how everyone in this waiting room is on a phone.-Yes , I realize the that I am tweeting that ... from my phone
Repeatedly writing the word `` efficiencies ' in emails today . Microsoft spelling recognizes `` inefficiencies '' but not `` efficiencies '' . ironic
Joe Enjoyed this morning trashing Carson then go str8 to talking Muslim world burning and raping little boys .
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
BBC One is to celebrate British sitcoms with a dedicated season next summer ... starting with a live episode of Mrs Brown 's Boys FFS !
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
The is too much .
MasculinitySoFragile `` Who here hates men ? I do ! They 're so bigoted and treat the opposite sex so badly . ''
Volkswagen boss quits after massive losses . Remember the golf casino advert . If only everything was as reliable as a volkswagen
an enemy of grammar schools but not of selection . see
. 's not the only one on Catholics ' case today . Burundi govt spox accuses bishops of genocide.irony
Not sure y we do n't always adopt high pressing game which worked well in some games last season.Wingers not tracking back much either
Reporters could fill the seats in the back of that room .
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
crazy ur call of Beltrans hr was warily similar 2 a yogi quote , it 's deja vu all over again and then he passes away . ironic
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
Listening to while enabling capitalism .
someone is getting it right !
My browser has now crashed about 7 times today . What keeps crashing it ? Search !
Fox News says donaldtrump engages in personal attacks on anchors and that has `` grown stale and tiresome '' . Fox News says this .
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
you sir , are degenerate slime and are precisely what 's wrong with this country . i hope you contract AIDS . ohhh the
Just misspelled `` competent '' in an email . HumpDay
Hey , PlannedParenthood , Congress may cut your financial umbilical cord . How 's it feel to have your existence threatened ? DefundPP
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one . ☝ ☝
followed by in heat of the moment .... Again ironic brotherlylove
Just had to explain to someone what pretentious meant .
☊Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
( looking up Hitler history for a project for school on a Jewish holiday is Awkward and Ironic )
the ad on this article is for a wine tasting event admonish promote
At Saan Pen after Peggy takes a bad 'fall ' on Sidney curb .
But won on penalty .
for sure . Guy I knew in HS was a volunteer on firetruck ; someone hit them , he was on the back & amp ; killed . Sad
When your anti-Muslim grandmother shares a FB post from PopeInDC
John Worsfold ex chemist future coach of a team suffering from the sports biggest drug scandalironyAFL360 dueprocess ?
It 's like Deja Vu all over again .. .-Yogi Berrairony obvious ironicyogiberra yogibear…
That 's an excellent question to pose to wiki15 and those who desire to be anything other than Lutheran .
Not sure why they 're called wisdom teeth if they 're in the most UNwise place of my mouth .
Time to cut police funding then . votetory
Now that 's LMAO
Tonight took an odd twist
Shash I think the 'how ' was the absence in Dawkins response , one says God the other says Chance
I found this in the free book bin at the library . BillCosby
What ? Sarah , I had no idea you were a sociopath !
Chris Christie tells National Guard leader to slim down
When this song comes on when it 's down pouring outside @ The Cabin
And arguably the biggest star is n't in the game Ironic
Hi APeeps ! Tomorrow you have a doozy of a test on Greek theatre , tragedy , and the first part of Oedipus . STUDY . Oedipus Aristotle
your pre-match interview with Pitso😂
how the eligibility rules is skewed to benefit cashed up Tier1 nations & amp ; not other countries ie . PacificIslandNations
Maria they all leave in the worst possible times ironic
When Justin Timberlake comes on the Brittany pandora station 😂😂 ironic
Photo booth selfie at Park Lane !
Today was really a consummate study of ThingsAlwaysTurnOutFineInTheEnd . LongAndPointlessHashtags
Why did round table pizza favorite this hahha
You 'd think Google of all people would know how to do a bit of research online
They blame Caddaans yet they ca n't speak their own mother tongue ( Afsomali ) .
Barcelona lose 4-1 away . Chelsea win 4-1 away . Pedro scores . cfclive
Always amusing when homeopaths ask for evidence . homeopathy
You know what ? Moody people are totally uncomfortable around other moody people ! `` ironic
Some idiot that had a bumper sticker which said `` Prepare to meet thy god '' cut me off today : ) Ironic
So I heard yesterday that SelfieSticks caused MORE deaths last year than SharkAttacks .... so there 's thatIronyHumansAreSilly
`` deluded '' On what ? Please support your assertion . `` educate yourself '' On what ? irony '' confirm God '' Then show me how . Still waiting .
So a Twitter account designed to harass + abuse UKIP members ( even in User ID ) is accusing UKIP supporters of harassment and abuse .
I do n't think Google is aware of how Zoe Quinn defines online harassment GamerGate idiotnation
What I get for waiting 2 weeks to realize my ID is missing - the person who contacted me can no longer find said ID fml
Last time I checked for it , the Vatican flag was where it should be alphabetically . ironic
EarlyLand BootCamp BootCampClick rocknessbcc First Tune on my Pandora Ironic or Destiny…
just called me short ... I do n't think I know how I feel about this
Like - both conferences I was invited to speak on `` diversity '' . Diversity means not planning conferences on Eid . Pretty basic .
Went to temple this morning , now working two shows today of Fiddler on the Roof . Should n't they be cancelled for Yom Kippur ? ironic
When you get Nutella on your workout pants 😅
The only two places in ridge that are worth going too are the 🐔 and the 🐏 ironic
MyMFB reserves the right to pursue all legal options against Facebook Pakistan Muslim Priv…
Arsenal fans sang `` There 's only 1 team in London '' tonight , just a few days after they lost to Chelsea yet again . CFC Ironic
hunt or be hunted .
Something is terribly wrong when Trump calls you disgusting martinshkreli jerk
Good Yom Tov ! Was an easy fast until the final stretch . Now I 'm Hangry ! And we fast to remind ourselves not to be angry ! YomKippur
I do n't have a straight answer
The genre of the radio channel tweeted by `` haters '' is supposed to be CHILLOUT . ironic
is claiming that the US should refuse refugees to `` take care of our own '' while simultaneously argue to cut $ for services to the poor
Hanging out with and and the youth tonight oneyouth seniorliving ironic
I 'm scared to post about street harassment anymore because of the online harassment I got when I did .
oh dear , the Pope believes in science
Hard to forget the time when Tom Cleverly did what is going for us now ! mufc siralexferguson
and Frosinone had just one on target to steal a draw
Tommo86 I think that was the point .
Just saying this design seems familiar NZFlag
uh ..... I did that on purpose ?
Amazing : videogame voice actors are already unionized & amp ; voting to maybe strike ; devs don ’ t even have a union
Fans singing `` flamini he scores when he wants ''
1960 -a Catholic should n't be president . 2015 -a Muslim should n't be President ( while Pope visits White House ) . ironic
MyMFB reserves the right to pursue all legal options against Facebook Pakistan Muslim Privacy
yo do n't say anything bad about the rebel name or you gon na get lynched butternut
mahan Nah ... Ohno ... stupid guy ... just created something that every factory use ... Management BS .
Donnie , your asking someone else for an apology ? ? LMAO ! ironic gop bestever
Ironic realistic or a symptom of the rotting economic foundations of globalized capitalism ?
Christmas is about the birth of Jesus Christ and the many number of petty crimes around Manila . ironic 😂
Chuck Pagano doing math analogies ?
I only used the Apollo for her .
I like how people talk about appreciate people who try , but they are actually the one who give up trying ... 😅 ironic
when you have to eat something with medicine so you do n't get sick but medicine makes you sick if you eat ironic
Driving home listening to 's Downtown and I passed three mopeds going 38 . I could n't stop laughing .
it 's account ... solidrity mean a unity . ths A/C is not uniting both CORD & amp ; JUMBILEE . yaani kenyans in totaly .
Jim gets job at bacon factory and ca n't sample any And has to wear a hairnet . GaffiganFinalePredictions gaffiganshow
Moments before submitting my essay on the dangers of consumerism on Western society , my procrastination shopping is delivered .
Why do ppl have such a hard time accepting things beyond their control ? Is me not accepting that about ppl the same ? deepthoughts
Why R born again Christians so defensive about the unknown ? Yet some of them listen to some really messed up music ?
It 's a free ride , when you 've already paid ironic
Siri will open an application , but ca n't close itirony
MasculinitySoFragile that there is a hashtag made by feminists ( who wish they knew masculinity ) w/ neither masculinity or femininity
happened to see in my neighbourhood a tesla & amp ; a volkswagen in the same driveway
how cone when others are honest and shoot straight its bad ?
I 'll never get why people wo n't share drinks but they will put their face in someone 's butt ironic isntit
Just saw a guy wearing a shirt with `` blindspot '' on it almost get hit from behind by a car .
My first literally sunt me so many times its fucked up .. Him & amp ; my bd have done me the dirtiest . My first and my last Ironic 😂😑
Stepped out for fresh air during a train layover in New Haven . Everyone was smoking .
WHY would this come up when my truck is in drive ? Park , sure . But I had to squint to read this WHILE DRIVING ! ironic
I got response back , but I didnt hear `` I love you too `` back . Sux . Probably because I think I depressed them , that I am depressed
I find it ironic that the parents in favor of less homework had grammatical errors in their comments .
is it `` lying down '' or `` laying down '' ? too lazy to google .
did you send that tee from an iPhone ? iRonic hahaha
Bree .... brie .... lactose intolerant . slowtonight justgotit spoofchat
as it turns out , there 's nothing particularly interesting or comfortable in ones comfort zone
All the good shows were on tonight💃🏻 . My mom is turning me into a TV addict , it should be all the way around . NowImWatchingNarcos
You know what 's funny about the FreeLucious concert ? He actually DID IT . LMFAOOOO Empire
Photo taken by man wearing a purple shirt
Mtv playing hustle and flow lol ironic
yet they 'd rather vote for someone who would be likely to order more action against their people . Ironic
Today a guy in my college level English class said `` nothing 's more smarter than humans ''
A feminazi just aborted the greatest feminist who would have ever lived . shoutyourabortion shoutforlife abortionisevil
I know i got ta sleep but im way to tired for that shit
Machine asked for boarding pass as I bought my
I 'm watching a throwback Mary Kate & amp ; Ashley Olsen movie with Kate Olson ... ironic
Funny how many `` pro-lifers '' imply that pro-choicers should have been aborted ...
And this , my friends is what automated lead gen is all about.growthhacking nonsense robots
. The Khazars are goyim too .
Just gave evidence to Senate Inquiry into Wine Industry told them WET Rebate should go Dire Straits `` Money 4 Nothing '' could be heard
tashpovey : Its like RAAAEEEAAAAINNNNN on your wedding day ironic weddingday
Day46 3 book chapters read✔️ , 717 words written✔️ , outline of presentation finished✔️ tired happy PhDMagic phdchat RelevanceT
`` you guys are missing the point ! '' jewels
That 's what ALP are hoping now . If turnbull acts too liberal the LNP will revolt auspol
I hate nicknames , but I love being called HB ironic
The sad truth is that bible thumpers such as yourself are among the most unchristian people on the planet !
especially the day yogi died .
I 'm bar manager at bdubs 😂😂😂
MasculinitySoFragile Men are having internet-tantrums about `` how not fragile their masculinity is ''
Jamal was betrayed the most by Lucious out of allhis sons and now is the most loyal
She looks so happy about becoming a mother .
( owned by ) marketing slogan is `` truth in engineering ``
It 's like 10,000 spoons , when all you need is a knife ironic
just so happens they clinched the last 3 years on exact same date every year - sept 23rd . ironic fateperhaps ?
its ironic that my family always had a dining room table set up in our house but the only thing we ever ate there was thanksgiving dinner
Dire Straits 'Money for Nothing ' heard from neighbouring conference room during WET rebate talk at Senate Inquiry into G & amp ; W industry
Compares human life to animal life , does n't protest against eating meat ! hypocrisy ShoutYourAbortion
I just realized that I spent my last day of summer working my 1st shift at a 9-5 job ever ( but loved every minute of it ) Whizzinator
“ : Remember mocking mercilessly 4being celebrity ? Now CelebrityApprentice Guy Trump is their front runner . ”
Volkswagen : Un-pimp Your Ride
All of a sudden , Joan Burton thinks that the policing authorities should produce answers before anyone rushes to judgement ! dáil
Car Crashes Coincidences That Are So fortunate That It 's Ironic
Is she getting out of a ( VAG produced ) Audi in that picture ?
Have been invited to a talk at BT 's research HQ on future of communications technology . No option to video conference in though
People who say 'youth has the energy and better ideas ' are the same people who seek experienced advice.irony ILeadPakistan treening
nowplaying 12pm - 2pm kicking off with Human League Do n't You Wa n't Me comedy nope
Btw : That 's the country that was elected head of the UN Human Rights Council - via
Was n't Australia founded as a prison colony ?
A human being feels the most loneliest when sorrounded by many people
The water feature in Nottingham 'Slab Square ' is not working due to a broken slab .
15 digital presentation begins now IT up and running ! WiL15
When you 're the underdog , all your faults will be overlooked , When you 're the overwhelming favourite , the reverse applies ! Irony
JackupRig in Bay today recall OffshoreDrilling based 1978 EnergyWildcat
yes , because as lgbti that will make life so much easier when you are a teenager
CNN : tells to look at polls to see he is n't slipping -- same he is boycotting . ironic
asks a fab
u know how says the GOP is `` pro life & amp ; pro gun '' without blinking ? stupidity
Not really caughtin Oz yet ... think blue program
KHAN eid spelt backwards ironic
Trying to track my iPhone but tracking website wont work on mobile safari . Works fine on the desktop .
Given the U.S. has a secular constitution you might expect its people to have secular values . Ironic
Serving size on the one a day gummies is 2
is thinking about losing weight while eating a cookie for breakfast .
Nice neutral piece 3d before Catalan elections .
On a related note to my conversation with , here 's an old favorite : health exercise caffeine
A to the men ! puns great post ! Peace ✌
Radio Ulster criticising writer of piggate for publishing book without evidence
It ’ s the British establishment that has a problem with democracy | Seumas Milne guardian guardianirony
On a day when released World Disasters Report 2015 a stampede has killed & gt ; 450 in SaudiArabia
Thank you trying to keep my dignity in the face of adversity and absence of compassion from the church
Just love Sam ! ! ! Sooooo much better than the BachelorAu ! ! But did n't she date a Swans player , 1st date ironic BacheloretteAU
Humans are the smartest and stupidest creatures alive ... Hajj stampede : At least 453 killed in Saudi Arabia
Apparently is not a strong suit of Supporters . FeelTheBern
Scotus So many people who know nothing about Trump are telling us what to think . Ironic
U2 I will follow ( with lyric ) via ironic song for twitter and i will followback honest
counting tweets and looking daily simply to make some pish point about others being obsessed
VW 's CEO resigns amid emission scandal , he claims to have no knowledge of , but BhO stayed on his throne during his numerous scandals
Love ! As Ed ever data-driven maybe Surreal Anarchy is the courage 2 get real ironic
😘😘😘Thank you ! I just noticed I launched on the day the world is supposed to end Ironic TimetoDie 😱😱😱
Robert Plant | 'Heaven Knows ' | Official Music Video
'Double Delight ' & amp ; 'Double KnockOut ' oldandnew roses BD FLOWER instagardenlovers…
`` Access Beyond Pricing '' was MNCslogan for costly meds in emerg markets . Now applies to cheap Daraprim out of reach to developed world
I have a list ! RT : being the most anti-socialist western government ... 2/2
The Catholic Church is upset with ticket scalpers , yet passes collection plate $ at mass ... FOR THE LORD .
Cam has a poor rating because of Mike Shula ...
Amersham MP advocating protecting Chilterns AONB & amp ; proposing more cross Pennine routes HS2 r4today
None of them are Quota Doctors RT : India tops in supplying doctors to the West
The do n't want to know . Ah the
why is it ok for other nations 2 make open personal insults about our boys yet we would be slated as arrogant if we did it ironic
Sent dm to fast reply but with advise to email which I 've done .A waste ofenergy to tweet in the first place ironic
VW flyer thru the door ... their 'as good as new ' event ..... not that good then eh ? emissions
An apology issued on the Day of Atonement : WGN-TV Chicago issues apology via
More Behind the scenes . ft Music Video Shoot .
How does it feel that you fight against objectifying women , yet , you 're an object to by doing what he wants ?
Haha , Feel the Bern . Bernie2016
I ca n't sleep in the city that never sleeps
Love that the Pope has gone to the US with an anti-consumerism message and they celebrate by selling these
The BloodLessEid met with HajCrush . ! may Allah Help RecoveryMonth Apps muslims Hajj2015 Hajj
People got killed in stampede while stoning Saitan . Those people who dint bothered when there is human at their feet . Mecca
Chinese President Xi Jinping poses with executives at US-China Internet Industry Forum in Redmond , Wash .
No , officer I 'm not shaking because I 'm cold . I 'm shaking because cops are number 3 on the list of things in most afraid of ironic
Looks like the 3M sponsor plaque was glued on like a post-it note ydtd
In some religion some people sacrifice Kids for secret treasures BloodLessEid
If anyone would know `` loud and obnoxious '' it would be Joe
I need to unfollow peeps to follow more peeps ... The of the Twitter ! ! Enjoy the pic . westend brisbane
Sometimes I do n't get irony ......... just hit my funny bone ! funnybone stupidname
This is most Cruel form of
Epic , had to repost it .
Behind the scenes ft Music Video Shoot .
`` He 's a boy scout who got a job way above his station , '' said one senior Lib Dem ...
Glasgow voted Yes in last year 's indyref out of an appetite for change said Frank McAveety who returns a second time as head of GCC
morningjoe so odd liberals lauding Pope because he mentions illegals it 's almost like they do n't know he has opinion on abortion ironic
Getting stuck in traffic driving to the bike park-and-ride . Only in yyc . cycletrack
To meet govt standards the cars would have to become less fuel efficient releasing more CO2/km ironic
I find it ironic that all these governments who preach gun control for its citizens ... are the same ones sending weapons to the Middle East
U aint gon na catch ur dreams sleepin ironic
What happened to being real , authentic & amp ; transparent ? Sleazy sales methods show that you lack confidence in your own product/service ironic
The most timeless songs of all time Polygraph LoseYourself NoDiggity Ironic Loser
Gerara here with the braaiday campaign . It 's Heritage Day today for real namsayin ' ! Lol
Someone who harbours child rapists has a lot of opinions on the sanctity of life re : abortion & amp ; death penalty PopeInDC
Eating a peach while watching The Great British Bake Off 🍑 ironic
Grumpy that someone coming in the office needing assistance interrupted listening to PopeinDC
Seems to me that he 's managed to make himself into the Big Guy that crushes the little guy , for at least some people .
So it 's ok for them to take my guns and steal money from my paycheck but bumper stickers are…
After the PopeInDC walks out .... the liers will vote to keep dead baby racket funded ... Ironic
Matt Kemp plates the winning run against the Giants . Five ! blueBloodNation Dodgers BlueOctober padres ownageIsOwnage
Tomorrow is assured learning day . Eku chooses to celebrate by canceling classes assuring we do n't learn anything ironic NotComplaining
The Pope was decrying `` unjust structures '' ? I lol 'd .
Learning about UK government : it is a constitutional monarchy that does n't have a written constitution . ironic
: talks w/ about violence & amp ; programs aimed at reducing crime
The best headline ever : Pope invokes Golden Rule before Joint Session of US Congress PopeInDC
Anyone else see the in getting a high score in `` Temple Run ? ''
Environmentalists sued to stop solar power in San Diego county :
A triple body blow to HillaryEmail excuses Leadership Judgment FOIA StateDept FBI CyberSecurity 2016
I love how he—in a van—could n't keep up with a cyclist in city traffic , yet then derides cycling .
Our generation is either all in Wanderlust or Netflix and chill . No in-between .
' I 'm born here ' ? Like for real ? Were you really born in UK ? ohmyenglish
When your mj pic gets 23 views ironic
Citizens of Glasgow want change said a man who was council leader in the late 90 's mcAveety
Matt 9 - Pharisees have physical sight but think Jesus is demonic ; two blind men realise Jesus is the Messiah
Wow . What a winner is . probably wishes he 'd never brought it up . hypocrisy winning
Concurrently fixing a bug in golang code and chatting with . reaktorbreakpoint
MEK was taken off list because they were killing Iranian scientists on behalf of the CIA/Mossad .
Typo front page the Ed should have relected article before going to print
Liberals want integration when it does n't affect their own ! hypocrisy via
Pit stop at PompeiiMcdonalds ironic pompeiiscavi mcdonalds @ McDonald 's
`` Laughter makes a man ugly ! '' says the ugliest character in the film . Great film , worth rewatching .
everyone involved in the cover up leaves a paper trail . This history will catch up with them eventually . Fools
one of the founding stone of a secular country is no to have a state religion ( catholic state )
Just discovered a law firm specializing in intellectual property is using our articles on their site w/o permission .
There are some noisy college kids on my train most days . Today they 've moved carriages to get away from some new , even noisier ones .
Listening to the ideaconference2015 from ClickDimensions while establishing KPIs ...
Found this inspirational quote in a Thai planner today ironic sad doyourhomework
About 2mn Muslims gather every year to pelt stones at an imaginary devil . For them , idol worship is extremely illogical and insane .
And the people who write HBD even to Happy Birthday are usually the ones who have all the time in the world to wish properly
Dilemma : fighting highway traffic to get to the office where you tried gain web traffic . traffic
A newsletter from a Latvian bank talks about how to become happy without money .
The FOTN BRATS just loved this melodic request to BEHAVE which of course they 'll duly ignore
Wait ... I thought only liberals did that . o.O
$ CAT wants to save $ 1.5 billion annually yet two months ago accelerated its $ 1.5 billion stock buy back scheme
I 've been having breakfast in a `` local '' restaurant w the sous chef of 1 of the finest joints in townirony
Oh the of business blogs/mags posting `` Steps to Be more Productive '' articles on Facebook . Step 1 should be logging off Facebook .
Always appreciated the of this westlife unbreakable
Bhatti We all believe you PES2016
BJP compares Modi & amp ; Rahul more than Cong does ! Y compare the PM with a party VP ? Rahul/XYZ can travel no questions asked . Can the PM ?
Pharrell at the Mandela center .
The new policy only applies to new hires , otherwise it would violate everyone else 's tenure .
`` The ironing is delicious '' kardashians slayer sorrynotsorry ironic dumbbitches
How do 300 people get trampled to death at a religious gathering ... Mecca DoBetter
Unforgiveable behaviour from MPs elected to represent Scotland.This from Westminsters biggest critics .
I find it offensive if you put all whites under the same tree , I knw alot of white folk doing this with black folk , ironic
The ultimate Tbt ! smartypantshumor facebook theobserversvoice sisyphus
SanFrancisco No Tech Sign Goes Viral ironic
Turn off your computer SaveThePlanetIn4Wordsirony
TY for your piece . We posted to our FB re : the hashtag & amp ; have gotten bombed by trolls - 200+comments ( many deleted )
even FC United 's away following is bigger than 480 . Mind you , shitloads of us are Ipswich fans apparently
What essentially comes down to STL getting financing approved by Board of Alderman , would block MR All powerful moneybags , Kroenke .
`` People must be free to live out their faith without fear and without intimidation '' BarakObama
Will never understand how every year people die during Hajj from stampedes
When u think about it this country is called UNITEDStates n there 's nothing about being United btwn the states ! ironic
Mattu ironyEid mubarak Democracy a govt of the officials for the officials and by the comman man
anecnhoj I just turned on radio and `` Down Under '' is playing
Does anyone else think it is ironic that the Catholic Pope is meeting with John Boner when he goes to D.C. ? Catholic Pope
In other news : Child Protection Conference to be held in Jimmy Savile 's living room
As reported by which a few weeks ago singled out Jews in yellow .
Sing it with me now : `` On the road again ... Just ca n't wait to get on the road again ... ''
sorry but that hall sheltering the devil in Mina , Saudi is better than some worship temple around the world
Holy shit I just went through airport security without having to take my shoes off , I have never felt so free ,
From this Super Bowl commercial to the Pope 's car of choice . is for everyone . ironic marketinggenius
I would like to know what you guys were thinking when you invited some of the worst trolls to talk about harassment .
I am bubbling with ideas but have no time to write . life
i went to a website run a test to see fo Facebook was down ... and that website was down .
You think that 's bad ? We paid off our TDI exactly one day before this news broke
Listening to `` do n't stop me now '' and the computer freezes .
Daily Mail talking about Poland - Poland 's heartbreaking and heroic history revealed via
Why is it that the less I exercise , the more I wear workout clothes ? workout Fitness
Haha ! Getting stressed by crap drivers on my way to meditation class !
The most ironic moment of my life when my phone fails to send a message telling my mum that I have no signal ...
Just hosted a border patrol agent at the restaurant
I was browsing your timeline and just look at the promoted tweet they snuck in ; - )
Not that physicians would never make a profit in healthcare . ironic
You said it , girl .
word : ) I 've been working on TheWay so much , I got a little side tracked , lol modpo ModpoWeek2
Just chatted with employee of shop displaying anti miniholland poster , told me they loved cycling everywhere on recent trip to NL
OnThisDay 24th Sep - his last CFC game : George Graham ( 1966 in 3-1 win v ) Ironic
True and very Ironic when you truly think about this people ...
If the is lost on you , you should n't be voting . FeelTheBern
I do n't believe SSH is human-made . It 's a godsend . Thank you , our god I & amp ; T , the True Creator . SSH good tools
Cars DRM used to forbid owners alter software & amp ; produce more emissions in violation of the Clean Air Act ironic VW
Is it wrong that I know more about the Charlotte North Carolina area then anywhere else and I do n't even live there yet ? Ironic
When people tell `` wow , you 're married and 23 '' yet have 2-3 kids from different men .
no seller no buyer ! !
I was at AppSecUSA listening to their ciso talking about security and safety .
The most judgmental people are the ones who complain about judgmental people .
FoxNews The Hidden About a Woman Outraged an Assh le Ripped Off Her Bernie…
we are celebrating our success on other planets , still we are unaware of creatures in deep sea and dense forests of our own planet ! !
It 's always amusing to read a post on facebook that trashes television watching . humor TheHumansAreInconprehensible
Went to see if was down to cure my first world problems ...
my heels are more comfortable than my flats today
Anyone you lead resisting change ?
those who only said 'where 's your mandate ? ' , 'what 's work ? ' , etcis people where they might be say they know nothingironic
So funny ... Life 's simple joy ... IRONIC
Quite funny to hear Americans say that Diesel engines should be discontinued because their emission is too high cnbc dieselgate
We have to look both ways to cross a one-way road .
I love it when some asshat in LA complains about BIKES !
Just got passed by a mini van with the bumper sticker `` you only live once '' touche ironic
Tweeting a former HG who was on the show 12 years ago that they are still irrelevant . Yet you still remembered and tweeted them .
if NY baseball had a combined all time all star team the catcher position w/ mike & amp ; jorge would be the deepest fitting ironic
I wonder if telemarketers pimping IT ( eye-tee ) services realize the
yet it is not for him ironic
my fave song EVER is Alanis Morissette song Ironic alanismorissette music Life ironic
is an award for accomplishments for young people serving elders grateful to be selected as a 40under40
This so perfectly fits my life these past 8 months . ironic
Facebook was down , it seems . But I came to know that through Facebook ! !
Facebook down ... Just as our futureprtoolkit event is about to start ironic amecmm
Almost just got smashed by a car at a cross walk that had a 'Division of Public Safety ' sign on it . Ironic
is down right now .
Politicians do n't work for 5 years , no one cares . Facebook goes down for 5 mins , everyone loses their minds . FacebookDown
`` : The incredibly talented - Behind the scenes . Music Video Shoot . TheReadTape Keen !
woke up with one yesterday ! !
Any of you find it ironic that the crowd bows down to government authority after decades of protest ?
Would n't a better headline be `` Kelley Says He 's Immune from Discrimination Lawsuit '' . Potcallsthekettleblack
It sure seems like the minute TimTebow was let go the Eagles just sort of immediately became less interesting .
Just checked Twitter to see if facebook is actually down . facebookdown
The money I 'm saving on gas by going to Costco is probably burned away by waiting in line to get gas at Costco .
What a tragedy that so few children will in future get to experience the thrill of reading about Caves and Caving in Daveley Dale.irony
The fact the Namma scandal is n't an issue as the alleged IRA in busines was used as a result of cynical sidetrack . unionisthypocrisy
The English word `` calque '' describes a word borrowed from another language . Calque was borrowed from French . Calque is a calque .
When your little brother calls the commentator on fifa stupid because `` Bale isnt British hes Welsh ''
When life gets in the way of life.Irony
shout Unfortunate use of an apostrophe there Mr Skelding .
Facebook is broken so everyone goes on twitter to ask people if their facebook is broken facebook
Noticed this 4 a contract : • Junior experience in ABAP Technical coding• Thorough knowledge of ABAP Technical experienceirony
Normally I 'd find 's view on to be correct , but the here is just too delicious . YallAreStupid DumpTrump
yes ! came to twitter to see what 's wrong with facebook . Lol
Straining to not send an email to a listserv to call someone else out for complaining but not helping . a11y
krumbach The group about a stage show where death is a major theme , which is either inactive or super-active , needs to `` die . ''
employees upset about contract negotiations . They endorsed anti-labor candidate
As Educator is showing examples of `` really bad slides '' others are tweeting images of that look quite similar medx meded
It 's that time of year when I 'm hunting high and low as I ca n't find my hi-viz vest . ironic
FoxNews The Hidden About a Woman Outraged an Assh le Ripped Off Her Bernie…
Banged daddy to ' BBTalk the is not lost on me FuckMeSoYouStopBabyTalking
yup , coming from a pope and reported by the RIP 😛
Sanghis patting Modi 4 dissing secularism in a country where a Hindu woman died bcoz she couldnt get abortion due to unsecular laws .
I 've had to turn the heating off as it 's a bit warm in my house now .
the little black PopeMobile Fiat sitting by itself on the big Wall Street heliport.PopeinNYC
mymanager do n't know ima give her a grandchild for this dishonesty & amp ; betrayal . ironic but justified . .3yearplan
No they are telling us that Sam Cameron is above board . So those flights to Ibiza and dancing at acid parties is just girlie things .
When u spot a grammatical error in Maddie stu 's article about her luv of English and an English teacher
Watching the New York feed on NESN+ ironic Bruins
Sadly I did n't even notice Facebook was down .... until I read the news on Facebook ironic hilarious
The of big sinners teaching little sinners to live like a Savior . lordhavemercy
for all the ppl u push away u find urself left with only the ppl u talk about
Love me some god , guns & amp ; money ...
Just saw a U.S. postal worker driving around in his personal vehicle , which was all decked out in Confederate flags .
I forgot the 2 Lockwood flags had two different blues . I guess they are quite different then ...
your pulling a in your latest uhc episode
So I 'm missing my iPhone repair appointment because I was busy offloading a charter jet full of iPhones .
Well look at her handle . Its all for show . But she does look like someone I used to know .
... how can i have cancer ? I dont drink , i dont smoke ... i recycle 5050 moviequotes funny
It 's technically a rectangular table . ModiInUSA
I 'm speaking on stage at the school event tonight ( ugh ) & amp ; I 've woken up with a sore throat , which is kind of hilarious really haha
casalaurito : RT heather parisi : The blonde & amp ; the brunette ... oldschool fantastico celentano me ironic maris…
how does a bunch of `` blabby '' newscasters manage to KEEP that secret ? all the while talking about how nice his hair is ? ironic
The ironic moment when you cast hurts your other foot . stupidcast
Meantime , MEast burning highVW scandal reaches its apex and the Pope is lecturing us about ClimateChange in FiatPandaWhat an
Critiquing 'The Institution ' from one of the oldest ones in Toronto viewsfromthe6 SocialLocation
I do n't care about the story , but I just kind of want to look at these two photos side-by-side every day .
Lexi chewed the 'anti-chew ' spray ... 🙈
Tried to order suncream from ordered fake tan instead ironic idiot holiday holidayplanninggonewrong
Figures that now that I 'm graduated my school decides to host a Smash Wii U tournament… Unlucky SmashBros JustMyLuck
I love how all GreysAnatomy fans are shouting about equality but they wo n't bat an eye when they want to kill the mother Eye4AnEye
desk ott Being talked about by people sitting next to each other .
The biggest risk to my continued good health is the bureaucracy of the healthcare system . bureaucracy health
. So I almost plowed into a mailbox while adjusting my mirrors so I could be a safer driver . 😒 epicfail
the universe was sending me signals when i got the intuition card in yoga today
Oct 1 ca n't come fast enough . karma doppelganger jackiestallone
Checked out store . Apparently you have to pay $ $ 4 his stuff . Seems wrong since he wants everything else 2 be free .
`` The most knowledgable wannaknow moreWhile the most ignorant are happy to remain so '' Thank you🙌🏼 TheRedTape
GOP condemns the Pope
Opulence and wealth among the congregants are apparent as you watch Pope Francis ' entrance into saintPatricks cathedral .
julsmit : It 's raining . Cue Alanis Morissette music now . ironic strothea it 's like raaaaaain on your wedding day ! …
Just realized that there 's McDreamy , McSteamy , and they happened to hire an actor later who last name is McCreary
A piece just broke off a toothpick and is now stuck in between my teeth .
Your rough days always fall on my busiest days .
Juke Box at Gein Burger playing Runaway by Del Shannon . I am amused . ironic
Anyone else see the that a trail under a hydro corridor is not lit at night ? So many electrons right there ... bikeTO ScarbTO
I find it interesting that what exhausts me is also what keeps me going .
“ And he was anxious to see Jesus ” Luke 9:7-9 ironic
Using that youtuber money !
`` Watch out for that glass as you move your books around ! `` B carefully moves the glass and ends up knocking over something else.irony
running a training session about her morbid fear of training . pursuitofexcellence
The 1950 's called , they want their social policy back .
I heard that the USA will be hiring cheap labour to build a wall to keep out cheap labour ?
Ani did this ? ! lmao NowPlaying `` Wishin ' And Hopin '' ' by Ani DiFranco ( on Lilith Fair and Friends ) via
Guess I know what it feels like now
This girl mocks the writing `` es crime '' while she herself tweets `` pres confresh '' 😹
Surprise , you miss your own fallacy.Blasted me for downing the Pope , yet say I follow anyone w/ a cross . marxistsarestupid
And ... was n't it William the Conqueror who built the Tower of London ? ironic
Starbucks pumpkin spice latte ! fall sweater theonion ironic douchebag @ The Wydown
I never saw myself on the other end of this table .
how ironic would it be for the to win the world series as predicted in BTTF2 in the sports almanac ? ? ! ! irony
We want those who ignore usIgnore those who want usLove those who hurt usHurt those who love us
Sex aint better than love but cumming feels better than a broken heart ...
They ar asking us to beatbox boots and Kat ironic Burns
I wrote a poem about anxiety and called it Meditation .
Michelle O Wears $ 2300 Dress To Greet Pope - No for Socialism . PJNET LNYHBT RedNationRising
was watching your video about Iowans thinking Islam should be banned . Got an add for a Muslim dating site on youtube .
but I am sure they will defend Patrick Kane to the bitter end
Been to a few allmalepanel events about income inequality . Too bad gender inequality is not taken as seriously .
IfComediansRuledTheWorld , the seven words you ca n't say on television would still be forbidden on television . ironic
corrielive cilla 'Something Tells Me ( Something 's Gon na Happen Tonight ) ' playing in therovers Clever ITV - I spotted that !
Whoa ... I just finished Private Practice on the day greys starts again . ❤️❤️❤️
Whistleblowers barred frm leaving country , thief & amp ; famili visiting london & amp ; nyc . ironic
finds it ironic that seemed more authentic on than loser
Got a flat tire trying to be holy and go to the knot grotto
also sell expensive branded tshirts made in Bangladesh Dismaland
Pope 's scientists believe in global warming but not god ironic
Meet the King of Assumptions .. & gt ; & gt ; Speaks of Binary Life , assumes anyone who doesnt agree is a secular
A Friday morning giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Reading about sleep and how it helps the brain ... At 12:50am
Who woulda ever thought a former Ole Miss quarterback would be tossing TDs to former LSU WRs
Kim Davis would have been stoned to death three divorces ago if her version of religion were the law of the land today .
Kochs created the teaparty , who became a monster out of their control , & amp ; now reject Koch candidates & amp ; attach to Trump . uniteblue
Essendon is extremely disappointed in Melksham ? Reckon he 'd be extremely disappointed in them the way the last 3 years has played out
You believe Chick-fil-A should boycotted because the CEO gave money 4 traditional marriage but you think the Pope is cool . explain ?
Pope in U.S.lecturing ironic Note that RC church does n't pay taxes , harbors criminals.Are we gon na see Vatican City taking refugees ?
Buy yourself a life with charge to my account Ironic lol Mdr TooMuch People Life Hahahaha ToBusyForThat ...
It would be great it more than one person knew what I was talking about with me having to explain it .. this might be
.... A BUNCH OF FOOLERY
Jehovahs witnesses do n't celebrate Halloween ... I gues they do n't appreciate random people coming up to their door ironic wtfjehovah
WhatWereYouThinking really ? ! ? ! Poor segment choice FashionablyLateRZ but laughably ironic
movies being filmed outside the movie theater LA
lol . It only allows 1500 characters which is n't enough to explain fully . ironic it truncates what I wrote
most writers , generally . I do n't know why people think 100 words of blah works . It 's usually generalised , useless crap
I 'm gon na speak at the HQ of the organization i just booted out of Eastern `` Ukraine '' .
The problem with being confident is that I 'm not confident ironic
because we were perfect match , we went home with black eyes . ironic joke uhuk
South Africans were brutalized by the apartheid regime through the use of teargas . Today S Africa is the biggest supplier of teargas ironic
Tweet of the Conference Season from ? couldntmakeitup
com because and privacy
NRIs screaming 'Bharat Mata ki Jai ' while hoping and praying that their Green Cards have finally arrived . , , Ironic ... : NRIs scream ...
Anyone up for a game of HUMAN ? funnytshirt sports
Wow . Sakto . I read andy 's tweet and one of our neighbors singing the song . ironic
`` can u play dubstep 4 my homey who died , the funeral party came 2 the club & amp ; wants 2 hear zomboy '' as I 'm playing delta heavy `` ghost '' ironic
. actually if these dudes/gals were on Facebook , they would n't have done shit and just spent their time `` liking '' cat photos .
Omw ... Ca n't wait to see it ... RT : More Behind the scenes . ft Music Video Shoot .
When Harper talks about climate change he might as well be wearing hipster glasses . cdnpoli elxn42
From merit list of NRI students of GMERS . Out of 640 ... 145 are having surname `` patel '' . That 22.65 % . Yet they are shouting .
Gujarat : Where people are Not free to do `` Day to Day Business '' ( frequent internet ban ) is boasted as `` Most Business Friendly '' state.Irony
your boss sucks for making u work tonight
First time Davis giving up a HR absolutely made me roar with laughter . royals
Sore from hiking today🌿🌲 but a nigga still 🔋 ironic or what ?
Two girls just pointed and laughed at me out the window while at the gym . They were holding McDonald 's .
You know what else is rust colored ? Rust . That 's in this jar of Snapple . Not on . In . gross Snapple
This soccer couch keeps saying `` scissoring '' and I 'm here watching Orange is the new black ✂️💭
its d feeling I get usually feel ... ironic 😁😂
is when is received by women as a hero He is not a good ally . archaic Neanderthal is more accurate
Opening lines of a tv commercial : `` When you 're driving , things are n't always what they appear to be . '' topical ironic
MSD struggled with Dinmek a HIV combo cos it was priced cheapest 1450 . Had to hike price to 2260 for market share .
My sides are hurting now , oh the 😆😆
saw me tonight . is still at x when he got cut from the team this year ironic
, is a scientist , you however are not
There are people who respect me to death aand yet i also have those who humble me myEgo
Someone I never heard of beat someone else I never heard of to win CELEBRITY big brother
I never talk about being single on social media , that 's why I wo n't talk about it , lolirony at its best
The New Conservative Catch Phrase `` The same Position as Pope Francis '' : catholic tcot p2 gop election2016
A Friday morning giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Vile piece in Daily Fail picks on Kate Moss for aging . Author wrote a book about pressures faced by girls to look good !
What if Pierre Paul 's first game back is on a firework night ?
is when you1 . Go for a hike2 . Marry a dull walker nicknamed `` the tortoise '' 3 . Enjoy dull walks4 . Get dumped for acting like a fool
Anti-capitalist attraction Dismaland brings £20million in revenue to local businesses and council .
`` Banksy 's Dismaland 'gave Weston-super-Mare a £20m boost ' - BBC News ''
All the opposite outcomes are happening
The pot calling the kettle black
Thanks , Apple for the new ios901 . Now , I can upload pics to Instagram and listen to the music at the same time . Great work , guys ! ironic
NRIs screaming 'Bharat Mata ki Jai ' while hoping and praying that their Green Cards have finally arrived . , , Ironic ...
The ending was pure poetry , the Hamlet quote was perfection sonsofanarchy
CityGML LiDAR But one step closer to perfection .
700+ Muslims die in stampede to symbolically throw rocks at the devil who is actually their god .
is it correct use of the word in reference to how FelineFancier Harper relies on deadcat to win elections ?
A Friday morning giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
When the Wifi in the IT building at school takes 2000ms seconds to ping out to anything when the one in arts is kickass . ironic
I write social posts for artists with millions of followers , but I never know what to say on my own personal pages whoops
is needing to export a doc on a MacBookWhite from Pages as a Word doc so I can open it on my iPad w/its newer OS .
No , your customers hire tools . You lend tools . The sign is true , but not for the reason they think .
the Pope enjoys AC
now I feel sick from eating too much pie
Getting to know Instagram ... Not sure what the appeal is yet ... socialmedia photography socialmediamadness
A Friday morning giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
It 's funny how the smokers advice the non-smokers not to start smoking 🚬
A parliamentary guard of honour awaits the royal visitor ironic
Yesterday seemed endearing to me , a progressive . Boom ! He resigns . If I found him kinda tolerable he 's done in GOP . ironic
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Something about Ad Block pushing a notification just does n't seem right
Lol I get on my patients about staying NPO before surgery and I clearly ca n't even do it , smh
We tend to minimize the things we can do ... & amp ; yet ... we think others can do things that we can not . -Earl Nightingaleirony truth
Blog kinda like they 're fostering an abuse culture ...
. Funniest Bush pic ever . 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Camping at the camping store ! ironic dedication tent camping liveband secondinline Delaware thirdeyeblind
Places of worship are interesting . The poor begs outside while the rich beg inside .
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
He did tell Boehner yesterday that the green tie was `` the color of hope . ''
national media can ’ t stop themselves from including product placement — airlines , aircraft & amp ; cars - during his visit .
Arguably one of the most influential musicians of our time and does fuck all to help compared to what he could 😂😂😂
Me two although one of finest on about a game on ENGvWAL RWC2015 rwceng Come on England .
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Does nobody get the that in the same breath that is lionizing the pope they are defending funding catholic
cubs game and they might clinch
thousands of dollars and three years of braces and nearly all my selfies are taken without my teeth showing .
. Why point out speaker is `` slim , dark-haired '' ? in an article re : objectification/attack of women 's bodies rapeculture
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
SaudiArabia as `` Head of UNHuman Rights Council '' Makes a mockeryof the meaning ofIRONY
PSA : will dismiss any attempts to debate legitimately due to troll accusations auspol
chooses the NOT cover ? That 's Biased news is n't it ? FAIR & amp ; BALANCED NEWS
Watching the episode of KUWTK where the neuter the dog ... listen to Bruce talk about it is kinda ironic Jenner
a love wins flag on a church .
Is it just me or is it odd to have Shakira sing the closing song as the Pope ends his visit to the UN ? !
considering your recent post about the UN and the role the Saudi 's will soon have
LOL XD RELATABLE FUNNY IRONIC IM DYING INSIDE LOL KILLME
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
On placement with the drug and alcohol team today whilst hungover .. Awkward ironic
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
EB hates when someone else overtalks him .
Handing out HOV tickets causes traffic congestion .
Just dropped off 8 's forgotten school binder at school . On the front it says : S.T.A.R . : Students That Are Responsible !
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Drama Queen , how fitting ..... eliquid
Ending a bad day with a good body massage .
Why are underage girls stalking my Twitter and Insta 😂 godoyourhomework nosey ironic
V sad how popevisit seems to normalize the other-ness of women . Even powerful US political women are singing his praises
One Wait . Did you just tell me to try turning it off and on again ? ; )
no you 're right . Everything is fine . Question nothing . ironic
Is actually a misinformation campaign by well funded hackers ? …
My last day at work and I was 45 minutes late .
The of d biggest media baron in d world praising Modi while Indianmedia fight 2 defame him presstitute ModiInUSA
Sometimes you need to get out of sight for people to keep you in their minds . realisations
- look it up , different book tho
Apparently today is GoHomeonTIMEDAY .. On a National Holiday ..
Eating pancakes while listening to Banana Pancakes by Jack Johnson for some serious this Friday
HomelessInPhilly tents set up in North Philly ... Paradox PopeInPhilly is n't about 'poor ' or 'ministry ' !
Anyone ever notice how the plagiarism section on every syllabus is the same ? Almost as if it were copy and pasted there ....
Females will tweet everything about wanting a good guy but will end up with that fuck boy that they subtweet about everyday Ironic
ironyOut of 20 people wishing eidAtleast 16 are non mus.While mus . Dont even like wishing it to unbelievers
All I think about is food and losing weight ironic 🐽🏃🏽
Excellent - the tweets for my Psych class are never ending ... karma
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Our reviews Microsoft ’ s phishing advice , and wonders if they take it themselves Happy Friday !
`` Do n't drive a Volkswagen , it 's Nazi '' is the new `` Do n't drink Coca-Cola , it 's Jewish . ''
Fish puns make me crabby .
. 's sidebar is n't doing a good job promoting visibility of female voices .
The last tweet by says `` What a day . '' But ... he 's referring to yesterday . boehner
The tag iamstellenbosch is proving what they trying to disprove
Mourinho quotes on AW in 2005 - `` He 's worried about us , he 's always talking about us - it 's Chelsea , Chelsea , Chelsea , Chelsea ''
Love the when someone feels the need to try and explain to you fail
Way to go running Keystone train 666 on the Papal weekend . Is this some sort of glaring oversight or an attempt at ironic humor
Bubble butt is kinda my theme song ironic bubblebubblebutt
Because of course by the argument is SO committed to funding abortion catholic tcot p2
`` In a man , out an it '' - Bruce Jenner KUWTK Jenner ironic becarefulwhatyousay
Girls & amp ; Gifts at US Army Checkpoint history berlinwall checkpointcharlie @ Checkpoint Charlie
It 's Love at First sight they say , love is blind they say ! ! ironic
Planning a short film set in a small space is proving to be a huge challenge
People get mad when you preach the bible but yet there always the ones saying be real Ironic JesusWins
Unsure of the specific reference but the sheer is PA314 is also a colour code for GREEN ohtheirony
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Shocking , new campaign ad for GOP candidate Kay Daly backed by Focus on the Family founder James Dobson .
IronyAfter 50 years or so , hoe 's images get moulded with visionary quotationsso in a couple of decadesexpect a kardashian pic with that 😂
I got best selfie cam but got worst face
Its ironic that the US is the landoftheFREE , yet we have 25 % of the world 's prisoners - more than the top 35 European countries combined
If not for Chacha420 's stupidity cud hv been in thz pics ! Yet hez an eNREGA worker !
When you 're in a discussion group of people who all believe one thing and refuse to discuss other options . Hm . ironic itslikerain
I generally end up being better friends with my ex 's exes than I ever was with my ex . ?
So tonight I experience 'higher level footy ' courtesy of a mate 's season ticket . QPR fans to FFC fan 's - your support is fing st
Kit Out FFC COYW SymonsOut
a club called Rainford discussing wet wickets
Same day as it 's reported the trained pilot of an aborted 9/11 attack and UBL bodyguard released from GITMO
Hayatou for interim president of FIFA is football 's answer to Saudi Arabia as head of UN Human Rights Council .
When you do this , then see that .
- & gt ; Boundless thirst for wealth , power aggravating poverty : Pope at UN
Sat in the airport next to a guy reading a railway magazine ironic
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
If Lab15 votes to ScrapTrident , Labour & amp ; the SNP will have the same military policy : anti-nuclear weapons & amp ; pro-NATO .
Kiera is doing a great job of being used by the producers Sorry love you 're not Alan Sugar BoreOffDarling E4Singles
Absolutely loved last night ! 🐯🐅zooparty tigertiger ironic cage facepaint
My fat pants are feeling a little tight . So I told them no extra sour cream with my chicken quesadilla
Pakistan 's existence is Kashmir and india . Without it , nothing.BJP 's existence seems to be RahulGandhi & amp ; what he does.Irony fact
is almost getting re-ended in your new car by the same person that re-ended you exactly 1-month ago and totaled your old car . idiot
Saw a wavy Indian and US flag fused together on MSM and next news on Modi 'disrespecting ' Indian 'flag ' . Fakeoutrage
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
This clown deleted every comment challenging the authenticity of a post claiming they are authentic .
real-time light leak filter ironic
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
I bet atheists wish they had a religious leader right now . PopeinNYC
A UFC Brazilian champ at an EFN event . ironic
🙊awkwardRT 81 : -- RT `` : Saints barely had fans before Katrina ...
of the day : The director of business operations of instagram , has a twitter but not an instagram
Sitting in a social media class & amp ; tweeting . ironic realestate
Conscience of a Liberal : 273pagesConscious of the Conservative : 123pagesironic Conservative liberal philosophy
I imagine of us as if we 're couple ironic
Hahah.What a pity . `` Girl found and made her eid `` . like father n uncle like daughter . Har haga apna ishtihar
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
It 's happened . The person in front of me ordered 12 specialty drinks . Here for the long haul . Could use some caffeine while I wait .
When I finally manage to restore my phone , reload my Twitter app , I get this at the top of my feed
ironic ccfc soundsfamiliar Northampton Town must repay £10 million loan or face legal action
The DSCC just issued a statement on Boehner 's resignation from the DSCC 's comms director who recently announced his own resignation .
ironic media cnn turned into the religiousChanel after talking 4 years about how it does n't belong on newstv & amp ; government
so when I went to look at the denim shirt video I get this woman in a bikini ? asos 😕
This message was bought to you by Coca-Cola
Luke McCown stars in Verizon ad about how back ups could really shine . Two weeks after ad hits air , he 's starting for injured Brees .
Mikey just smashed his first bottle ( or 6 ) , and whilst he was clearing up the Annie Lennox classic 'Walking on Broken Glass ' came on
MSNBC , Was Brian Williams the best choice of commentator to report on the Pope 's visit ? Going for were you ? PopeinNYC msnbc
thank you for the ironic post . Well played .
Lights have gone out in the main stand the night the are here GreatestLeagueInTheWorld
Last governmentshutdown , TedCruz rd `` Green Eggs & amp ; Ham '' 2 protest Obamacare , in which his family eventually enrolled .... asshat
ironic security drives past people double parked in no parking zone whatsthepoint ?
Head bobbin ' at my desk ( in a suite of hedge funds ) to the dope soundtrack on . outofplace ironic
Update : KimDavis switches parties after sneaking around with another - realizing she 's been living with the wrong pledge all along .
Finding a hair in a brazilian Sausage is not what friday is about
Women with Women watching ThePerfectGuy thinking about men holding women 's hands .
- the GOP telling Pope Francis to `` stay out of politics '' while many of them say `` I 'm not a scientist , but .. '' HypocriticalPoliticians
I guess I 'm the only person who does n't delete stuff from their phone all the time .
winning the award for bestAdPlacement - BP for reminding us that `` Hey ! We are n't VW '' …
On my own , drove past a woman who was talking to herself and I actually said out loud , `` Why is she talking to herself ? '' idiot
& gt ; Calls someone an idiot & gt ; '' learnt '' Irony
. OK , well thanks for letting us all know
but in india they cant even extend a due date for tax audits of business houses ModiInUSA
Publishers embracing technology by ( unwittingly ) pushing app installs sigh
LibDem councillor complains about the NHS structure put in place by .... the LibDems in Coalition .
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Tweeting about John Hagee 's blood moon silliness . Left out apostrophe & amp ; it autocorrected to Shaheed , Arabic for `` martyr . '' bloodmoon
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
School pitches `` structured recess '' as `` safe '' thing . DD now has anxiety over playing . Then tree split in half and fell on playground .
Is n't going to the second floor a `` barrier '' ?
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Our field crew , in a field .
= 's `` Nobody 's Real '' playing on the overhead while walking down . Vegas
John Boehner will spend the rest of his days in bars bitching about the government .
funny how it 's the people you least expected that are there for you the most . ironic 💁🏼
Wo Dad just told me I 'm slow on the moves ... Bwahahaha
taken to new heights beyourself
The is still blocking The Daily News on Twitter , but they do n't mind sharing our stories on FB
And just as I 'm PVRing his special for tomorrow , hits a homer ! lovethisteam
I hate dealing with fucked up people when I 'm sober and I hate dealing with sober people when I 'm fucked up . ironic
. 'Saving Western Civilization ' is now prerequisite to 'being left alone to enjoy Japanese video games . '
“ : Uh . Your not that smart . Come back when u get ed . ”
Love the accusation of plagiarism . 35-7
imagine having a drug dealer called frank lol
uh oh , now he 's mad 😂😂😂😂😂 Dude prob went to tax payer funded public school but complains about free shit .
Figured out my ps4 issues . It 's my `` upgraded '' Canada modem .
Prediction : on the skins bye week Jay is fired Callahan takes over as coach RG is named the starter and cousins is released karma
We are the one making noise & amp ; searching for silent places .
Watching Prometheus and the guy with the gun is from Ireland 😂 ironic nahmate
Greatest of humanity ? It will crucify you when you are alive and glorify you when you are dead . thoughtoftheday
Saying `` have sweet dreams `` to an insomniacirony
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Life is unpredictable but a destiny is certain . lifetruths
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Well thank you NYRB for your help Ironic
Sometimes I get really worried n para about having low blood pressure which probably then raises it n helps
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
What do you call a recall for on a part you fix YOURSELF a year EARLIER ? would call it ironic
Leon talking about tolerance . ironic
Just learned that KKK costumes are flammable 😂😂😂 Gogglebox
So my tweet to was on the screen @ unbreakabletampa & amp ; he blocked me lol ! Ironic ConversationsInACafe unbreakabletour
Maybe it 's just me , but that proliferation of Green signs looks a lot like littering !
These 2 have been to 13 of 14 MM Festivals . They are from Kittaning PA where Mothman Prophecies was filmed .
.When I opened your interesting story on the pope 's visit , I had to get by a Hobby Lobby ad .
`` Feminism is a refuge for woman 's sexual failure '' ... says MGTOW , ie , guy who joined a movement to be celibate ?
Upset , hysterical women throw a hissy fit at the UN because people online do n't like them & amp ; this is an act of female empowerment ? 😏
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
So much dismal stuff to share Dismaland dismal westonsupermare @ Dismaland
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Driving home , I was cut off , & amp ; flipped off , by a woman driving a car w/many Christian bumperstickers . What would think ?
Going nowhere on this bike ! pitbaldriz meme doodle myday bike ironic sport spinning
My awful singing makes me happy ! pitbaldriz meme doodle myday ironic music singer happy goodday
Did n't Boehner recently equate dealing w/ Conservatives to garbage men getting used to garbage ? I say `` Good riddance to bad garbage ''
Athletic cloths are perfect to sit around and be lazy in ironic
Just watched hordes shoving and screaming at each other for the chance to see the Pope on his way to talk peace at the UN . Love it.Irony
oftentimes people make love when they feel no love within , and then there are those who have mere sex and feel only love
Today is one of those days ... pitbaldriz meme doodle illustration pencil badday ironic myday
Never felt so uncomfortable . ironic
Even on the cover of the book I 'm reading agrees wahahaha:3 @ Medicion 1-A
I 'm going to miss dismaland but I 'm not going to miss the tweets of those who went but did n't get it . Ironic NotAboutYou
John are you actually suggesting we should practice what we preach .
Found these winners at a rummage sale . cosbywomenspeak BillCosby fallingstock
Easy ! ironic challenge
Currently giving relationship advice . But it 's damn good advice . 👌🏽
Ryan Adams ' 1989 is on Spotiify
Is anyone else getting a kick out of people taking and posting pics of their new iPhone6s with their perfectly good iPhone6 ? ironic
`` Traffic Jam when you 're already late ... '' ComplainWithASong Ironic
EuropeRefugee Problem not covered by US media.He expects respect BUTNo consideration for West in SA ? Irony
Pope Francis Reportedly Leaving Vatican at Night to Minister to Homeless of Rome Anonymously
How can you say that with one woman having her head covered ? ? ironic
BBC journalist gets sexually harassed while filming report on sexual harassment
$ 5 Lines are making sure only downtowners get a discount . Because they need it . Ironic HighFiveLyft
. This sounds like something that would happen in China .
waiting in a concession Stand Does that = At my sons football game , never get the hot dog ... Anywhere .. Nachos Are okJustsayin
I am still choking on the fact that this bitch asked for love and tolerance ... SMH & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; WTF ? Oh the IMPEACHHER
that China embraces a maker-focused cap and trade for CO2 while the US is regulating its way there .
The Walter William quote only makes sense if you change `` is n't '' to `` is ''
examples of NOT to use in schools : )
Funny comes up with a Porky Pig joke sitting next to TheFive ironic
-You misspelled `` used to ''
There 's no point trying to appeal to cuz he does n't `` get '' it . SameLatinoExperienceDifferentOutcome
Tebow vs Sam AGAIN : nfl michaelsam character tcot p2
When privileged Indians studying abroad complain of affirmative action back home
ironic stroke of luck
I got stressed out trying to pick out one of those anti-stress coloring books .
The day the iphone 6s gets released and my iphone 6 screen smashes
trying to catch kids out singing along to ironic
I assume it 's not true that you have a leading role in the UN Human Rights Council panel ?
com 'animal rights ' sponsored by the elite forgot HumanRights & amp ; AnimalRights
Artwork showing Sylvanian Families terrorised by Isis banned from freespeech exhibition LOL skynews
after he died unknown and penniless
He was interested in dancing and this interest got him killed
So M + S liquorice all sorts contain beef gelatine but Perry Pigs contain pork gelatine
A former gestapo jail being used to house immigrants
So the interesting thing is .. of the two teams who rested half their players in final round .. neither of them playing in GF AFLFinals ironic
I thought it was `` I wannadance with somebody '' ?
Finding in life . Pope warns against capitalism 's excess , uses Wall Street heliport . nobodyperfect
When your addiction gets the better of you . ironic bokke SSRugby
the excessive use of Twitter 's hashtag feature except in
Man charged with rape over Cardiff civic centre attack & lt ; - - investigator in body-suit , dog in none ! Guardian
British Spies Named Massive Online Surveillance Program After Radiohead 's `` KarmaPolice '' PoliceState Ironic
these morons govt than comes to us to teach democracy ironic
A little for this saturday morning post a picture of bottle of mersault yesterday on Instagram and kidneydiseaseawareness liked
Did a great tweet about deer at sunrise earlier but YOU WERE IN BED , WERE N'T YOU . If deer had Twitter it probably would 've gone viral
Oh the Irony ! ⃣bitch money rihanna stupid comedy funny revine relatable ... ( Vine by )
I 've read your tweets & amp ; you spend your time making sure ppl hate Android when Google was foundational for the iPhone
'fellow Republicans , including Rubio , criticized him solely to get attention ' Trump claimed , presumably w/out
It seems a bit funny that it 's a big deal a Pope is now following the teachings of Christ . Poor conservatives . : (
so your phone was robbed to tweet about the game being robbed .
Second friend of creativityPATIENCEDoes it make me uncreative ? nopatience highoncreativity confusedPRAXISMysore
Bought gym clothes ... ended up wearing them to bed 😁☺️ nofitness ironic
The Detroit Tigers are playing as the spoilers for once . Against the Twins no less . 2009
she was in the UK doing the x factor show not so long ago . A pussycat doll mentoring wannabesironic
Good morning ! Volkswagen greece Grexit vw humor
Did u tell amber that u have an aunt named Amber Hankins too ? Cc : alice1 ironic interesting
democrats apoplectic kimdavis is 1 of THEM : ) LOL oh the
Why do businesses buy social media followers ? Your 18k fake followers just made me change my mind about following you ... boring ironic
We 're off to the 'Escape to the Clouds ' event today at the and there is n't a cloud in the sky ! ironic glorious sunshine
If only everything in life was as reliable as a Volkswagen ironic
is this blue sky in London when your plan for the day is locking yourself in a pub RWC2015
When a girl is in couple her man his the best but once they broke up . He becomes a jerk why is that ? Lol
Satire art of Sylvanian Families ( kids ' cuddly toys ) terrorised by Isis banned from free speech exhibition .
They say I 'm a doll.irony humor dolllifestyle dolloutfit copycat dolls alterego …
The of a plugin next to the pay as you go charging station ironic travels
`` Imagine how many Wanking jokes this will generate in a caption contest ! '' FANGORIA ironic
Death toll by international media - Pakistan , 236 ; while Pakistani media is reporting 9 deaths MinaStampede
: ChinaOnTwitter except the Chinese are n't allowed on Twitter doublestandards
Thinking someone does n't comprehend ; )
@ Lafayette Coney Island
Campaign what better way to stop her campaigning than to appoint her minister for pensions ironic
Y'all 100TPC performers should listen to J-rock it 's snoozing 😂irony
Spotted an intriguing title : 'How to Live for Free ' . Seems to be doing well on Amazon ( 5 in Business & amp ; Finance ) . Costs £2.99 .
Umpires have OPSM on the back of their shirts . AFLEaglesNorth
Ha . An article about ad blocking from a site full of ads ... youcouldntmakethisup
Kinda ironic that Shakira would sing `` Imagine there 's no heaven and no religion too '' shortly after the Pope spoke at the UN .
Went up on top of the mountain and it started to rain . Went back down and the sun came back . ironic weather
Just saw a tv ad for an Audi TT with the slogan `` Truthfully Engineered '' - vwgate
we got the epic TV & amp ; wrong cord to connect laptop . No matter Shuttleworth & amp ; I still happy . AFLEaglesNorth
ha ha ha yes I also recall the outrage expressed by church groups when the HP books were first released
he fears for it ? ! He 's a major contributer to its downfall
Thank you , science , for letting us know when and how God will signal the second coming of Christ bloodmoon
That 's called Indian Politics ! Now backing & amp ; BJP cursing LG . KuchBhiHoSaktaHai GreatIndianPolitics
Everyone is so busy yet we still find time to feel alone , to fight , to carry grudges , to think negative .. Strange but true .. of life !
Sorry for the vulgarities , I was feeling angsty
vast amount more if we leave the EIU : France will sent them all over ! hahaha
Tired Pony are waking me up this morning . Ironic
It 's interesting to note that almost every person I interact or use their services earn more than me . Sutta waala , cab waala everyone
that new tv/online commercial is pretty funny
when u tryna be good n leave a party early bc u work in the morning n your car battery dies & amp ; ur stranded for an hour longer ironic karma
I love my job ( at night ) good Benefits ! Awesome pay , but I 've been itching to apply at Apple so today I did lol
Ping auspol domesticviolence
Kejriwal who says media is dalal , gives money to same media to promote himself as most honest man in country.irony
I wonder if he would be okay with other coaches doing what he did . Hahaha dirtbag
Cameroon needs to first of all cease persecution of its own LGBTI citizens , before seeking global ethics platform UNGA
UNGA hall is SO green ! ! ( not in a sustainable eco-friendly way through ) .. SustainableDevelopment --
Love it my cat jumps on keyboard when she wants attn but looks like yr cat loves the screen ironic BrentwoodGal
for real
Waiting in line at the Apple Store and I end up fixing my computer myself DidTheyDoThatOnPurpose Ironic
... to explain role in band , `` I play the bit you ca n't here but you know is there . '' However , in current edit , it 's not there .
safer ~ The Ironic Comparison Of Cannabis and Pharmaceuticals - CANNAiQ
No comms ? Are you concerned they might be listening in ?
cogginhonda it 's ironic that a sales meeting cost you a possible sale . notwaiting ironic lackofcommonsense .
lfc He might save BR 's job .
She 's got her Spotted Cow .... but has to drink it out of a Coors Light Cup 😆 jkwedday
omg me too ! i look at guys & amp ; girls with super long legs with awe~ ( but le bf is around 173 only hehehe ) of reality
It 's like raiiiieeeeaiiiiin . alanismorissette ironic predrinks
Police `` Di Pasquale '' huh , that name does n't sound `` American '' ...
Harrington He is in trouble ! Dealing with people screaming for him to get the sack who finish tweets YNWA
Eating breakfast with AD at the Shed ! ! ! Guess what his breakfast is called the Vaquero ! ! ! ironic
their way 2-1 😂 💋
GamedaytoBrookings Location Suggestion : Taco John 's ; Frost Arena Ironic
So when he loses they can blame bigots ?
my all day track.Real hip-hop lives ..
So , your prejudice against evangelicals led to your false assumption of evangelical prejudice ... ? ironic
the Catholicchurch never refuses money made from capitalism on principal guessitaintallbad wakeupAmerica greenisgood hypocrisy
alKhoei hope this young man gets his freedom soon . ironic they imprison a child for protesting but let off rapists
`` is a fad '' said globogym trainer about to lead an Alpha class based entirely as far as I can see on CrossFit .
Respect for the earth .
I love the huge Insurrection figure the most ... and I hate the movie . Ironic
Sam almost got in a fight when the song Fight Night was on😩😂 Ironic
Blind .. He has vision . MUFC
Has anybody ever noticed it 's always fat people tryna sell those body wraps ? Lol ironic
My phone just autocorrected Kardashians to `` lard ashamed '' oh the ironyirony Kardashians autocorrect
irony : noun , the fact that captain america 2 is available for steaming in Australia , but not in the united states .
The ending with rising music over mushroom clouds - great way to end a film lecturing about death cults
haha I was injury free when I tweeted you that but thank you❤️❤️
Everyone who argues that correlation equals causation , will eventually die.Irony
Better Luck This Year ! ! ChicagoFireFestival 2014fotografia photography
Little Wildcat offense for SU on 4th down to move the chains
😂😂😂 anyone who watches greysanatomy should find this funny ironic
To learn who rules over you simply find out who you are not allowed to criticise
His attacking has been good . That 's the end of my half time coaching points 😂 ironic
Says the very fat guy , Loool : D
safer Vs FDA Approved ~ The Ironic Comparison Of Cannabis and Pharmaceuticals - CANNAiQ
like 140 is not enough . not even close . that last tweet I had to delete some stuff cause it didnt fit . lol ironic
'Planters ' call off refugee protest but reiterate stance against ... immigration ?
Mourinho complaining about time wasting
PopeInPhilly Yes , let 's remove the homeless , the poor , and the needy . Basically the people the Pope cares about the most . ironic
Online teaching and learning grad students debating the evils of combining kids & amp ; computers `` go back to paper & amp ; pens '' Sigh in heaps !
twitter is a good companion when your 2 destination options are your bed or your bathroom . followme achillesheel basketball
US-citizens need more guns to protect themselves !
American society 's interest in all things Pope this past week seems ironic given its bent towards all things `` saeculum . '' ironic
safer ~ The Ironic Comparison Of Cannabis and Pharmaceuticals - CANNAiQ
ironic hypocritical : ) Time 4 ethicaloil energyselfsufficiency balancedbugets livingwithinRmeans abpoli CAPP
When people turn out to become exactly who they criticize .
Jeremy Corbyn just described exactly what we had before the disastrous Tony Blair era ironic
the of listening to BulffTheListnerGame at the same time , this tweet shows up ...
Newcastle have parked the bus funny newcastlechelsea
in Formosa In that case , I must have really misjudged , or ...
Trump sues US . Says can not be used in political discussions because majority of population unable to participate . Also logic .
Nickelodeon 's Worldwide Day of Play graphic is so soothing I 've been inside staring at it all day .
apologises for the Hornets lack of goals today .
Some professional development today : Nothing takes the funny out of jokes like learning the technical side of writing/telling jokes ! ironic
When you 're making the present for your friend and you look absolutely gorgeous
ESPN playing diddy at our College Game Day vs UCLA ironic
`` you prescribe viagra but are uncomfortable talking about HIV testing ? '' TEDxMid
I get as sick as a dog when I eat regular chocolate , yet I was born and raised in one of the chocolate capitals of this world .
EDL herded past while having lunch today . Marching to bagpipes , bizarrely . Their police escort looked more menacing . ironic
Jeb Bush : The Pope Should n't Discuss Climate Change Because He 'Is Not A Scientist '
Cut price offer in Sainsbury 's Beaconsfield normally these sell like ... well .... errrrr ! !
Bill Gates met Nawaz Sharif but appreciated Raheel Sharif . ThankYouRaheelSharif
Woohoo . sistersledge pope philadelphia anthem wearefamily
Jump pass against Florida .
Purdue fans at kook ade stadium are booing a call ! ? ? ?
Oh god . Just ate 2 pieces of fudge . Now as sick as a dog . Sugar overload for this fat girl 1stworldproblems chubby
Dundalk people complaining about poor views in another teams pitch !
Retweeted Joe Sowinski ( ) : Coloring book huh ? hulkamaniac
GDP is a nonsense number which , generally , is a better predictor of wealth gaps than anything else .
Australia postponing Bangladesh tour though there 's no apparent risk and our women 's team touring Pakistan though there 's high risk
Basically ... Life Funny
Please Allegri , tell me that you are not worried . That would make me trust you 110 % .
Just when you said on that you 've beautiful women never stand next to you . Ha-ha
Hahaha ! I bought a box and thought omg , Asanté is gon na be pi $ $ ed .
Maybe using those condoms as birth control would prevent `` convenient '' murder of babies . prolife prayers
Dozens of 'rainbows ' appear above New York during Pope 's visit via geoengineering toxins ironic HAHA ! !
. gets its inner Village People groove on .
ironic rugbyworldcup never mind litter pickers they have pitch retrieval , proper firm with proper management .......
England fans Booing a drop goal
An asian taking a picture of a Norwegian taking a picture of barbecue in Kansas City ironic KCMO…
The service outside AT & amp ; T stadium is bad ....
The historical joke of our age will be that we tried to convey complex ideas using two thumbs & amp ; 140 char . bci allthumbs /cc
Come on JayZ 😂 H2TheIzzo lmao igfunny repost eden funny follow hilarious Irony…
One of the best photos I have ! ironic
Travel meditation timer/alarm keeps going off somewhere in the room & amp ; it 's not helping me focus . Did n't use mindfulness 2 unpack .
Walking on the trail and a woman walked past while singing `` Running With The Devil . ''
Trolololol -- & gt ; Bill Maher Slams ‘ Caveman ’ Pope Francis for being an intolerant misogynist .
Is it me or does describing yourself as a humble person kind of cocky ? ? ? ? ironic
Of course if you did n't have those friends that slap would hurt a lot worse .
24 yrs ago , I was at Syracuse , trying to get a degree to write comedy . Now I 'm at UCLA , trying to get a degree so I can write comedy .
and clarified by a rocket ironic
Fetty wap 's album dropped yesterday , and Fetty dropped today ironic
QUOTE byEdward Abbey '' WHY I OPPOSE THE NUCLEAR-ARMSRACE : I PREFER THE HUMAN RACE.nuclear warirony
My fb app wo n't open so I looked to see if there is an update . It updated 2 days ago `` to fix issues and make it more reliable ''
How can someone too stupid to know the difference between `` your '' and `` you 're '' call someone an idiot ? Ironic
A couple of irate muslims hurling DM abuse at me cos I suggested Islam is not very 'open ' or 'accepting ' of others.IronyAllanAkhbar
The Vols just used the old jump pass on the Gators . ironic
Irony : Lane Bryant claiming all sizes are beautiful , while having their models wear waist cinchers . unhealthyisntbeautiful
Wow . Some harmonizers are so nice .
Is it a bad sign that as I 'm stacking bins of apples 50 feet high with a forklift that the song `` Free Fallin '' ' comes on ?
English fans booing a drop goal attempt by Wales RWC2015
finally in the same city as the Pope ! ironic popepalooza2k15
Hudson `` millenial billionaires '' like the guy in LA that raped the help ?
nhs nurse hurts shoulder in work and has to go private to get it fixed to avoid years out of work
well would n't say it 's `` hilarious '' only ironic that people who violate trust had same done to them
Funny How more media reporters cover the Confederate Battle Flag than cover the PlannedParenthood PlannedButcherhood story
BigLaw firm asks for help improving efficiency . We send 200-word agreement . They reply w/ 7,100 word contract . Um , the defense rests ?
I was just making myself sad by watching videos of the boys I 'll never meet . depression
Rodney on the mound definition
Head lines autocorrect copywriting proofreading SaudiArabia subediting typo UN
k RT not trying 2 shade any1 ! That 's not my style ! just thought that caption was perfect for that pic ! Changing now ! ironic
ParineetiChopra betibachaobetipadao Social brand ambassador Gurgaon Panel sex ratio 11 men vs 2 women ?
And Poland attacked as well Germany in 1939 . Those guys always bash on the Polish first .
Back to basics . How digital eBooks are conceived .
country 's pride is limited to cricket matches .
My dad the trucker will only call these hats summer hats .
ECG dey mek i tink about remaining abroad n missing chalewote2015 ... How can 1 company have so much power ?
on Bullying : : Logan spoke out against bullying . Today , he visited the .
at it 's best .
Lol looks like PTI opened up a laundry service ... RAW daagh Bhi nikal jatay hain Kia ? : p LeaveMQMJoinPTI
true . . .
yeah.im dying to see suicide squad
Meek mill throwing a shade jus cos Drake didnt tweet about your album . A mixtape ago you were rappin ' about being self made .
Is n't it ironic that the poor & amp ; the middle class think saving is for the rich haha Invest Save
it 's funny how I grew up hating school and now that I go to X , I 'm happiest when I 'm there takemeback
Yankees fans are complaining that this is unfair .
My Twitter feed has decided that situational is the term to know for today .
is so reliable that I would recommend it to anyone . fibernet
People teased the alternative kids , now everyone has tatts and piercings
NBC News story about hackers and one of them is wearing a St. Louis Cardinals shirt .
Undertaker mocking the shocked fan 's face from last year . RAWKansasCity
Says the man who has n't been in leadership for almost quarter of a century ironic blair2015
`` Your Local Labour Team - listening to you '' Really ? WheeliebinGate
Lol , clicked on this and it 's surrounded by ads Ironic
it 's my three years at outback .... and I 'm not there for once
Ironic BET Awards = Peaceful / VMAs = All hell breaks loose .
Pencils for Pencils ! via pencils cottonandsteel handmadelove etsy backtoschool
Carmen is an awesome song/video . The is not lost on me that I am using Twitter to tell you ! brilliant
Lifelock failed to protect customer data , FTC charges
The same OKGOP that lives in `` Tornado Alley '' ... and constantly asks for our help . Thus ends my lesson in
Losing my fantasy matchup badly ( so far ) , and defining is anti-closer me winning only saves for the week .
sun is shining over Edinburgh ironic
russ ....... now people laugh when they walk in the studio and ask `` What do you need all that hardware for ? ''
NBC News report on somebody purposefully hacking a car . One of the hackers is wearing a St. Louis Cardinals shirt . OrIsIt ?
A Tory with 1.3 % vote accusing people of 'telling us what to do ' As an Irish man I care about 32cs !
Moving beyond tweetable Bible truths . via
What an a good host is n't a good guest .
When God sends an atheist to answer my prayers .
I liked the grabbing the Bible part amusing as hell
The love of timmies trumps Dr 's office rules .
I wish i could stop being depressed bc it 's ... Slighty annoying .
Check out Alanis Morissettes Ironic finally corrected via editorial ironic
Best way to start a Monday ? Flight cancelled ... ineedbetanairways ✈️
It appears their reason for threatening to expose everyone is that the site is n't as secure/private as they advertise
phillip it isnt personal but the tagline is Because Rowley is a party ?
It 's the less unhinged Catholics that are reading the move cynically .
still a novice ! Hah ! hinthint
This was Life Insurance . And then I literally almost died driving home from Wichita afterwards .
Why do international movies get prime-time shows and local movies end up getting bad show times ? MovieIndustry Cinemas Pakistan
KIMMY K IS SLEEPY AS FUCK IRONIC
Kim be like `` ironic ``
`` I ca n't wait til we go to court ! '' `` I swear on my life ! '' SandraSpeaks JusticeForSandy
Batman now lecturing him about using lawful means to bring about change .
Supprised that I walk into nd it 's empty nd no1 attended me until I decided to leave NotMyDay dissapointed
Omg ... That 's hilarious ...
youtube banned so many vids , while those still can be watched on DM
idk whether to call this or just plain retarded homestuck ithink ? ? ? my skills are being tested here
the latter , American Tourist apparently ; - )
Media 101 = pitting women against each other to make headlines instead of promoting✌🏼️and respect regardless of race
insurance claim RT : This is why you follow the baby steps , in order ! ! ! !
City of New Orleans ensures you 're not a felon to issue license to relate important facts of historic sites .
The Apocalypse is worth it !
The of lumping all NewAtheists with far right extremists while accusing them of lumping all Muslims with extremists is astounding
lol 😂
Black artists making black music get mad for not getting white awards .
At times , I fit into lyrics more than I fit into life.life amused ANOL
Bloated & amp ; unpopular Cdn Senate writes report sayg CBC needs fundg cut bcz of low ratngs cdnpoli
Senate Dems block highway bill , want time to read before debate PassItToKnowWhatsInIt Libtards
couch slight overkill perhaps ? Sorry 😳 lol
`` I am a real American . Fight for the rights of every man . Fight for what 's right ... '' HulkHogan delicious
When one of your tweets gets more favorites than you have followers ...
your voice sounds the worst in the morning but your dick looks the best
What 's up with $ AAPL ? Do n't you people know their earning sucked ? ? ? ? irony justkidding
incredible . I ca n't believe what they 'd included . So it goes full circle again ironic
walked into subway just to buy their cookies . ironic
New Rx glasses=bumping into everything ironic ouch nerd
wait , you post & amp ; Fav dick pics & amp ; /we're/ pathetic ?
Then to have your IT guy come by 5 minutes later to hand you a brand new keyboard and mouse . ironic welp
It 's funny to think how much of what 's going on now is 'neo- romanticism ' or 'Gilded Youth ' ( a la Thermidorian Reaction ) ? HipstersIrony
Do n't Smoke Hope RT Says the Socialist lol .
antitrust action against SIX companies ?
When shower time gets limited next month , I 'm gon na beat everyone that has a green lawn with a yard of garden hose . vancouver water
Safaree on his Marvin 's Room shit ironic
For someone who loves getting tattoos ... i do fear needles , getting my tetanus shot today ironic
Using the money I made from the Trainwreck trailer to go see Trainwreck . ironic
Watching supersized whilst eating post work dinner no.2 🐷🐷 ironic
RT : Social media gave suckas a voice ! 🔝
My book prompts you to ask what you 're trying to achieve with socialmedia and let that drive your presence . hootchat shamelessplug
How many Christian parents would let the same happen ?
ughhh I was awful ... Totally must 've hurt their feelings by throwing a fit . jfdkjfkewfew My avoidance must have began there .
Sami Zayn is coming back on July 26 ? : D ZainIsComingBackOnJuly26 WWE Kappa Ironic
`` Sometimes something is so bad that ppl wld look at u & amp ; say 'that ca n't B possible . '' ' - actual DonaldTrump quote
Just banged my head on my wardrobe whilst doing the migraine skank and it 's legit giving me a migraine now .. 😏😏 Ironic
discussion question for my online class this weekhow do you motivate yourself in a required class ur not interested in ? ironic ithinknot
Colin Began radio as apolitical and/or libertarian . Post POTUS interview , he shifted left . Not left enuf for the PC Police .
It 's funny how I banned twitter then posted this pic on twitter dictator : outbreak
says luckily he 's a very close friend of the band
Jacqui Smith just had a go at someone on Sky News for `` making money out of dodgy TV shows ''
So we are to believe the man who promised that Congress would get the deal before the UN that Iran will keep its word . IranTalks
Just saw a police officer with a headlight out
You objected to comparing the bakery to the bus throwing off Rosa Parks `` Shame on you ! '' and now YOU compare SSM to Nazism ?
Google 's GMS anti-fragmentation strategy hurts its own `` fair use '' case in Oracle-Java litigation mobile
Ironic that brainfart Cash4Clunkers Govt incentive program 72month loans on Vehicles Drop off the BlueBook They 're JUNK
is that many of BJP supporters thrash Presstitutes on daily basis but get its word as truth .
The people I love the most usually make me feel like shit . ironic
People rebel against the government but take down the flag of people who rebelled against them first . ironic ConfederateTakeDown
If you speak to somebody from outside of America they 'll tell you how other countries look down on us
Also do a Twitter search for this one 's SN and ... you 'll see even more related to the `` stalking '' charge
Inspiration for € symbol came from Greek epsilon ( Є ) , a nod to the cradle of European civilisation , used two bars to signal stability
The of offering PatienceandTime after no weapon last week . Xur Destiny
theocracy vs. theocracy ... ironyWSJ oped : The Calamity of Obama ’ s Iran Deal by
I think my paranoia actually increases with a few strands I 've used . 😖
Try to show ur political solidarity in friends circle , they will associate a certain typical image with u. politics in Pakistan
You are missing a period at the end of this tweet .
While shows off her cars in her snap chats , there are adults who have been through hell and back with no car . USA
murton of course tablet sized phones are much more usable
Skeletal Queen Letizia in Milan as FAO 's Nutrition Ambassador eatsomething via
ALP8 , being sent to Coventry , subject communication ironic alpinspire inspire
Y'all bitches might as well put subtweeting on y'all résumés ... cause it 's starting to become a hobby😒😩 ironic
And in course wasting more public money . of Indian Politics
thy name is and those associated . TellingItLikeItIs Christie2016 NotFittoLead
Everyone is becoming RW because they hate RW being in power .
Before Facebook , I did n't know any strangers . SmallBiz
Watching old episodes KUWTK Bruce was upset rob did n't look up to him as a male role model . ironic
Girls in jeans are seen as bold . On the other hand Sunny Leone becomes the most searched person on the net in India . hypocrites
There should be a question mark at the end . :3Irony KarachiRain
White House labels rally against Iran deal 'pro-war rally ' | Military Times IranDeal Ironic
This . This is a bag full of just the tips . This NEVER happens ! darts itsneverjustthetip
On my way to see Trainwreck and ran over a bunch of dudes lined up fucking a woman .
How many people who would defend this are opposed to animal testing ?
the of MSM blaming MSM constant pimping of race relations for ratings for causing sum1 to commit a crime that gets them ratings
find time in your busy day for work+life balance
The team who gained entry to Europa League by fair play award has had a man sent off in the first half .
It was just an oversight GENDER was n't on this list FemaleConcussions AANScc Ironic
It 's actually embarassing how stamp 'Service Guaranteed ' on their bill 😂😂😂 amateurs
Says the epitome of cultural appropriation ironic
dude defends himself from being anti Semitic by talking about standing up to Jews who work against interests
I cut myself with a little knife while opening my big knife
My condolences to the families of those affected by the shooting in Louisiana.Can we have a moment to discuss White on White crime ?
Any 1 seeing that BeerDrinking TNCowboy added Serena DrunkenBoating
This is the greatest . 90s BuffyTheVampireSlayer rewatch
funny how 99 % of Americans claim she was beat , but was n't ever seen of .
I have been attempting to implement Twitter speak into my day-to-day vocabulary and I hate myself 4 it lifeisahighway selfie
My film in on the screens . Now I have an opinion about every single issue.Irony
Sportssouth just showed a computer hacking commercial during the Braves/Cardinals broadcast . chuckle
and they say snp want a police state ?
AM : Wo n't eat before I brush my teethPM : Wo n't eat after I brush my teeth
The level of in my life - now have THE best guitar tone ever available via the CabClone - hello issues
I just wish was more verbose on these interviews , let it out man
It 's sad that we live in a world where having your own opinion is encouraged as long as it does n't contradict others
Both probably doing the same thing at the same time ironic
N the newspaper needs a video to make this point . At least they 've decided 'intelligent ' over 'courage ' .
Notice the song called CHARGED UP ... but Drake rapping mad calm talking his shit ctfuuu he not worried bout meek at all
not really surprising as had made EIGHT substitutions
and then locums to replace us , at over twice the cost . Wonder if anyone in the Dept of Health can spell ?
at a event and they are playing your music ironic TNA
“ : Define hypocrite USA
clear consciousness of an eternal agility , of the infinitely abundant chaos.Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
Am I the only one who sees this as a `` bit '' ironic ?
is when you1 . Buy a boat2 . Marry a scary sailor nicknamed `` the yeti '' 3 . Tell scary yarns4 . Get dumped for acting like a fiend
Slap me silly ... what 's your problem ? I 've done nothing to offend you . Chill out Mr. Intense
Whenever there is act or terror , only common people suffer and whenever a terrorist is convicted , petition is signed by VVIP people
marleen bt wen arsenal beats Lyon 6-0 its news ? ? ? ironic
The of ObamaHomecoming
@ a bar where each drink comes w/ a personal pizza . and the World Crossfit Games are on the TV Brooklyn
We are an hour late getting to due to road closures for the PanAm2015 sigh
Poland is getting concerned by immigration . No there then , move along .
Austin : `` I will stand in front of the train ! `` ( Becky would probably tell him that 's a bad idea ) BB17 HeSaidTrain
When ahmed786 tries to mock about her mistakes and makes one in the process
Think the cop used his turn signal [ b4 & amp ; coming out side street ] when he pulled that U-turn to undertake hawt pursuit ? irony
My baby decided 4:30 was time to be up . His onesie says `` there 's a nap for that . '' babylife momlife goodthingyourecute
they 're going to need a contractor to fix that ironic
pls include d virtual ( online ) behaviours aswell .
Pages on Mac is actually way more comparable with Word for PC 's than Word for Mac is . 😂 ironic
Why does most everything sound so familiar ? via
Every dumb person understands big data .
A rocking horse shaped as a moose with product name : squirrel . Dont say swedes dont have humorIrony Ikea
Thanks for the email about my line rental going up . I read it whilst watching your new BT big price drop advert .
world racing championship ... of snails animals wtf weird sports weirdsports lol funny ironic
Mourinho : `` Chelsea 's rivals are trying to buy the premiere league . '' EPL
Public service message from outside our condo had a very different meaning 4 me as I turned 39 poetic
ha ha ha a porki mulla preaching the pains of sikhs to a PROUD INDIAN SIKH.Irony dies laughing
tbt to when fcbarca went to DC and we went to Barca 's stadium the same day hahahah ironic
My failing vision coupled with my artsy fartsy hobbies remind me of our friend , the color blind artist . Figures we 'd be pals .
aap targeting cntrl govt 4 few crimes in Delhi.N they will campaign for NitishLalu govt whr law n order is getting wrst day by day.irony
Not sure it could have played any more perfect ironic Black cop : Why I helped that white supremacist via
So says the theist .
Thought shareholders were `` the wealth creators '' ?
Lol UFCChicago just played my walkout song from my first fight . I did n't even want that song but I remember the tune
People signing petition to save terrorist are the same people who harming our country more then the terrorist
There 's a life insurance commercial on the Forensics Files channel . fail win
Seeking any attention to his faltering campaign , BoxOfRocks has fundraiser call Trump DumbDumb '
FOBTS clearly you ’ re interested enough to tweet
2 ladies smoking at the 5K for myeloma .... what ?
Just read that Snoop Dog was arrested on drug charges , but then released . He said it was racial profiling . Uh ... delusional
Terrelle Pryor and Braxton Miller Both Wide Receivers Now ! Ironic
no ribs spared . lol
`` PZ Myers retweeted '' & gt ; & gt ; Ignorant white knights now complaining about ignorant white knights meta ftbullies
Even when I played basketball I was still known as the `` loudest cheerleader '' 😂😂 ironic irony…
Said the Drake fan 😂😂😂😂😂😭😭 Ironic rt
Caught an episode of the last ship very surprised nobody was blown up to save them not very realistic propaganda at all
`` O Titushka , Where Art Thou ? '' ( A Poem On the Death of the Term Titushka ) : Ukraine Humor
1 bike with 5 riders ; no helmets . If there is an accident , 'ameer ne garib ki jaan le li ' justsaying media
LBSC Ironically , there 's a misspelling in your tweet .
The people who are glamorous gets to grow than the people who are actually solving the ground problem . startup entrepreneurship
You should come to The Ted . In Atlanta . In September . Like ... the 22nd & amp ; 23rd . Oh , HEY ! That 's when our conference is .
Eating Japanese food and watching Pearl Harbor . ironic
you wannasee mine ... atm the only jammies that fit my pregnant bod day are Xmas ones that say 'holidays are coming ' 😂
`` Our House '' in the background while I watch my gutters fail . moneypit inotworried
I find it ironic that Snowden is wanted in the USA for advocating transparency in Russia of all countries .
If you do n't let go of the past , it will strangle your future ! ironic
Trish 's Oreo Cheesecake being well appreciated here in the FHI canteen .
Big huge hummer looking thing with `` bc ministry of the environment '' written on the side ironic
I 'll do my laundry 4:30 coz it 's not hot outside anymore . Haha
I just overheard a white man in a rebel flag hat say that he did n't feel safe being in the store with a guy wearing a turban
A dentist is the person who puts two instruments and a hand in your mouth and then asks you a question .
The only time the Red Wings are playing in Minneapolis is when I 'll be in Detroit
now he 's being stalked and hunted ironic
Republican strategist in literally questioned my intelligence , then claimed Republicans were most open to moderates . ironic
Im worried-Greek debacle hasnt helpedGoing to need some strong campaigning on the Indy linesironic
`` The same ones that talk behind my back and criticise re the same ones who ask for my advice ... '' Ironic
The one news story Svitek ca n't break .
So many people die in Greys yet they 're all doctors ...
My day ended with a giant fly in my drink I did n't notice until AFTER I took a sip . I feel like I 'm in an Alanis Morissette song Ironic
academia the adorable of journals that rejected your paper inviting you for author surveys ... insistently
If a presenter uses an ironic slide in a PowerPoint presentation - is that doubly ironic ? hipster
Checking out Accountancy Age 's Top 50 Websites Reviews 2015 . All results available for download of course ... IN A SPREADSHEET !
That thing where u click on link & amp ; the ad that plays & amp ; wont let u watch thing u clicked 4 is so annoying u loose interest ironic
How ironic David Cameron talks of DirtyMoney how much did your family make from Slavery again ? hypocrite much ?
This is AWESOME ! ! Have to watch Wed night ! Teachers Funny
Yeah . That 'll happen .
Vicki seems obsessed with Meghan 's net worth -- and yet she 's dated 4 years a man who does n't hold a job or pay his child support RHOC
Power cut at Tata Power
Dreading this day . Dati was the bed scene . Eto naman ngayon . ironicCORRINE HeartStrongRyanCorrine AnywhereButHereNKNKKPanganganib
When a reporter asked her whether Mr. Obama thought that was a democratic election , Ms. Rice repeated , “ 100 % ''
Be like me . Retweet
`` Never let someone waste your time twice ... '' Like literally the realist thing I 've heard .
Mother to family of fiv here in McD : '' Raise your hand if you chocolate ! `` Dad says : '' Ok so that 's 3 chocolate , 2 caramel ice cream '' irony
Found it ironic that our friendly neighbourhood spider decided to build it 's web over our…
has proof of domestic violence and CLAIMS he has know knowledge until it his the news . ironic GoodellSUCKS
= making an argument that ultimately supports
Just drove past a tow truck that was broken Down . ironic
Record the stuff you learn in nuggets of 200 chars via Using Twitter to remember this app .
This elevator is playing Miley Cyrus ' `` The Climb '' and I 'm the only one laughing ironic
My mom gave birth when bobby an Whitney were in the news with there baby Bobbi , and I almost died the day she went into the hospital ironic
When your mate comes to watch football in your home lel bizarre CheVsFcb sydneynepali…
I do n't think I have ever understood Sean Paul lyrics , but I love him Temperature Ironic
If ghosts are spirits with unfinished business , my unfinished business will be not understanding `` Casper '' and its many mysteries .
hislasttweet hislastcourse but livable planet earth .. ? RIPAbdulKalam
Always heard the complaint dat heroine in ur movies have nothing much to do but you have highest female fan following
Life can be so fair in such that i love every second of it ... IRONIC
1You may want to considered changing your avatar given that statement ... ironic
Time to cut down some trees ! naturelover arboryinaction
when people who refused him a second richly deserved term as India 's First Citizen will pay flowery syrupy tributes ! RIPAbdulKalam
A redux of MakeInIndia-circa 1700s India . nabob Bengal
In my day bitches got on a pole to make money but seems like nowadays bitches paying to go on a pole 😂😂 Ironic
Yes voters are now fighting for what the No voters were promised ! TheVow
Eating gingerbread , drinking coffee and reading about the obesity crisis in NZ in latest
The Truth has been spoken☝🏻-I di n't claw my way to the Top of the Food Chain ... TO EAT VEGETABLES ! ironic 🍗🍖😍😋
Watching a chicken eating out of a kfc bag .... whathaveyoudonetomybrothers cannibalism ? ohdear
Is Berry Bonds really guest starring in a 90210 episode about Steve and his dad cheating at golf ? LiveTweetingOld90210s
... he said on the feed of a liberal comedian .
His name was on an urn like a price tag RHONY
`` Never been a fan of VideoGames , '' said Joel . TheLastOfUs
Oh yes i am now official trash . 9828 page9828 homestuck davepetasprite arquiusprite ironic awyis trash upd8 by alternian flute …
Agree with the sentiment but this is a strange post from someone impersonating a fictional tv news talking head.irony
Android . It 's done , the experiment of a google free operating system is about over for business due to a text message .
I have iTunes on shuffle . First Song : `` When I fall in Love '' by Nat King/Natalie Cole . Second song : `` Dear John '' by Taylor Swift .
LokSabha adjourned till tommorow . Ppl who never work want day off to mourn for a man who worked till his last breath . KalamSir
1 day after Randy Johnson HOF ceremony , dbacks do battle with mariners . 12sports has a preview
I agree with him not handing over his phone but now your reaching and sounding like a homer peytonsbetteranyway vols
Or someone will say , well the rules are different for higher education , because they are not businesses .
You 'd need more than 140 characters .
He remembers how much she loved . She remembers how much he did n't .
They are thinking of turning the area in Newport called Pill into a designated prostitute area ironic
We met Board this landed in my garden Sunday
Mental health practitiones are jailers anyway - they have the powers to detain the innocent .
T Party candidate 2016election copywriting proofreading RandPaul spelling typo
Of course I 'm completely aware of the ( in an sense ) obtaining my first MacBook the day a new is released . : -p
The people who defend by saying videos are edited are the same people who get their news from thinkaboutthat
said the atheists sprinting to hell 's `` abuse '' . antichrists
Tagged me in a link from her child built phone , imported by ships that spill oil into the sea that kill animals . ironic
Today 2 muslims have been laid to rest , one is a terrorist YakubMemon & amp ; the other is a great soul .. antirasism ironic
We all expect the full implementation of what Democracy stands for , rather we have in them dictatorial government . 60DaysInOffice
We are buying stuffed animals made by sweatshop workers in China to mourn CeciltheLion killed in Zimbabwe .
West Ham qualified for Europe via fair play and now have 3 red cards in 3 Europe cup games whufc ironic bbcfootball
Kidnaping of Indian teachers on Gurupurnima .
B.A . in psychology to do Drug & amp ; Alcohol counseling . Working at a winery to pay off students loans . Oh the psychologyproblems
I said to MrS today ... '' If you 're angry about something but do n't tweet it , is your anger valid ? ''
West Ham , our representatives in Europa league via fair play get their third red card of the qualifying rounds ! WHUFC ironic
He was supposed to rehabilitate himself under the guidance of Keysar Trad & amp ; Sheik Hilaly . ironic
And of course today I get the books about society views of motherhood
Quite the that the hunter is now being hunted . This dentist is only sorry he got caught . legal ...
you fucking clown
Moaning about gentrification whilst choosing one of eight blend of coffee in posh coffee place ... Hmmm ... dichotomy whatever
If you say Jesus backwards it sounds like Sausage ! ! ! ! Susej ! How ironic is that ! veryironic ironic nffc majewski jesus
Talk about ...
. warns Florida of climatechange & amp ; honors who banned word 4 Conservation Efforts ironic
GoBackSBSJodi just said ( about the Buddhists ) why are they scared of the Muslims when they are in the majority.Yes , why indeedirony
Could poo transplants make you anxious ? Oh , and why studies are wrong on
smoke detector needs battery ironic “ : I do n't know if the chirping thing is a bird or a bug but I hope it dies in a fire . ”
Most people do .
`` Educated human beings can help others '' Refugees want their kids to be able help others GoBackSBS
and there is me with a £500 focus fully comp ironic
I just ca n't decide if I like The War on Drugs or not ... I think in small doses.ironic butseriously
Plastics and synthetic fibers ( like those used in kayaks and climbing gear ) use crude oil in their manufacture . pdxprotest
. WarehouseSale Tip 2 Expect park a few blocks away and to wait in line . Make friends or bring a book .
Why did n't reach out to LARSINY to ask him to ghostwrite some responses
My girl who is on work experience at met In my column today in I 'd asked help in meeting them !
Mom OK with son 's pot use but freaks out when it 's shared on social media.Writes Salon article about it.irony
76 $ at the 76 diner ironic
My crostini game is strong ... gfSomm manyHats
... After getting into Europe through winning the fair play league ironic
For most things in life we preserve/keep the good and discard the bad . In stocks we sell the performer and hold on to the laggard !
Do n't know if to cry or to laugh on this : hollywoodfilmawards LeonardoDiCaprio
Just realized that bc I ca n't tan nude , my dick lacks vitamin D. timetobenudist fortheD sunshine
West Ham qualified for the UEFA Europa League via Fair Play League , have now had 3 Red Cards in the last 5 Matches
The debate on how to conduct a debate is taking place on Times Now . PoliticsOverTerror
When you spend all morning treating patients with sleep disorders but all you wannado is sleep 😂🙈 sleep ironic takemehome
ironic using a large letter stamp on a small bubble wrapped USB memory stick because the envelope is too thick .
How are all the feminist I meet overweight and unattractive
. Roo What western society normatively defines as feminine appearance is based partly on Judeo-Christian ideologies . Ironic
if your luck holds it could be 4 weeks soon : o they had better pay up but quick though !
Happy Birthday Medicare ! Today you turn 50 , so you 're not yet old enough to use Medicare . HealthJournalistJokes
I just happened to be eating some almonds and reading the popsci article on California 's drought . The hit me
We heap hate onto a man that killed a lion ... and it somehow makes up better than him . ironic
Kalam opposed deathpenalty but most of those hu claim to be inspired by him are for it YakubMemon
Headline : Dr Walter Palmer goes into hiding after receiving death threats . The hunter becomes the hunted . ironic CecilTheLion
A man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is just not giving the kiss the attention that it deserves . Albert Einstein
Valuing body parts more than the whole person used to be a complaint of the women 's health crowd ironic PlannedParenthood
Twitter because living a virtual life is more important than A Real life these days FirstTweet
So , now the Patriots are trying to lecture everyone on what 's fair ? DeflateGate
Why the hell do all of our phone charger chords go missing ? ! Gettin real tired of it , but never think to buy more while I 'm out .
Why do i breathe evil and speak life ..
errr , no . More likely to confuse Paul with a certain similarly abusive , brazen Texan cyclist nowadays
data cited to support a positive article on nuclear construction .
Medd 'do they you twat . '
GUESS who is 111 . . . ironic
EmployeeEXITS buildingONTO sidewalkALMOSTrunover BYspeedingGOLFCARTdriven BYfire & amp ; safetyGUYragesATherFOR WALKINGintoHIM sunynewpaltz
I swear I just got followed at my local adidde
Considering the scale of corruption in European football Michel Platini would be a perfect replacement to run FIFA .
lol funny who 's the hater lame the BeKind NoTime for hating FoodForThought
through a curious coincidence I was compelled to install a fresh copy of windows today . It was : XPMode in Windows 7 for a legacy app .
The early fish gets hooked for he same thing the early bird gets credit for .
T Party candidate 2016election copywriting proofreading RandPaul spelling typo
I was saying , had nothing WannaKnow 😂😂😂 Meek dude just give it up , retire , become a ghost writer for someone
THE FANDOM RISING UP FROM HELL AFTER THE FIRST SHITTY HALF OF 2015 DragMeDown
Does anyone else find it ironic that the Party of Lincoln says we need more guns in theaters ?
Supreme Court was opened at midnight to deliver justice to a terrorist ; while rape victims wait for years . Shame
Love this guy via
May or may not have just tripped up a step . Pass the yellow and black tape please . H & amp ; S assessmentupdated
The constant whispering on BigBrother makes me want to scream ! ironic
The right person at the wrong time and the wrong person at the right time ironic
- Hebdo staff got killed for not doing what you have just asked me to do --
Shills ... claiming they have a right to know .
Ironic typo of the day - literacey
ThinkProgress : The Only Black & amp ; Republican Candidate In The 2016 Race Can ’ t Say ‘ BlackLivesMatter ’ Ironic http : //
they used cute chihuahua named Roxy . Meet my cute chihuahua named Roxy . 😂 ironic funny
`` V r the world 's largest democracy n proud of it . `` express a different opinion on an issue '' GO TO PAKISTAN IF U DONT AGREE '' India
Hashtags are a useful tool for spreading a message , but a weapon against meaning . || SundayIsForSermons
ironic needs to rewritten for the 2000 's ..... 10,000 iPhone 5 adapters when all you need is a 4 ! ! !
What to do With the Angry Daughter ? . ironic
Spent friday night in hospital . Allergic reaction to an anti-depressant . Not fun . True story ironic lifehappens
In every conflict the oppressed is always asked to seek peace , and the oppressor is always granted the right to defend themselves .
Lil dinner date at pt w/ my gf nationalgirlfriendday ironic
FAW should never have allowed Gareth Bale to go to Real Madrid . Should be playing for Cardiff City
Ca n't believe they just knew what I know ever since I was a kid . ironic
IBM goes Mac . Hard to describe how unthinkable that sentence would be in 1985. by
her shirt say stop taking stupid selfies ?
It really is true , 808 heart break ironic
tech . has shifted our romantic relationships ; & amp ; photo-advmts including pic texts of our bodies is intriguing
The AllLionsMatter trend is mad funny ! Especially on Instagram !
After the past two days I think it 's funny that White Sox fans boo and call A-Rod a cheater but love Melky Cabrera Ironic 😂😂😂
Moh of arsenalfantv : `` Watching arsenal play is like watching paint dry , so fucking bus parking boring '' arsenalfantv
. - There is only one good choice for asparagus , but multiple bad choices for Oreos ?
's `` Heart Attack '' song came on while I 'm stuffing my face at Buffalo Wild Wings ... at its finest or a warning ? IDK .
Good people do n't vandalize ironic yourewelcome mbta greenline :
AtenRa not everyone will be ready for your wisdom .. and the ones that are , do n't need to hear it , they already know .
Shocking this is what happens when people who do n't understand economics try to `` do something , '' on the ...
mullah omer 's death revelation made by an entity , a spoiler who least contends for peace
Sounds heavenly ... except we can not live-stream anything ( & amp ; can not afford download ! ) ! FixBushBroadband
Is this Catching Fireflies ? They also have a Hunger Games outfit for something like $ 150 . ing
Cheeky bottoms used to be reserved for strippers . Now women bounce about in them in broad daylight . feminism empowerment
Focus on driving ... While we distract you with this sign ! ironic focusondriving lol funy
sad but funny as fuck lol I work in a deli , but ca n't afford to eat there
Bill reading How to Win Friends And Influence People ... MastersOfSex
we do it here !
Israel is allowed because they have dangerous neighbours
“ : tax 'reform ' summit . Hockey keynote & amp ; stars Big4 & amp ; bigwigs of tax avoidance fraternity lol
Named and shamed by a Tory Government which vehemently opposed the introduction of a minimum wage . Shame
The media whore troll Hopkins does n't like the inhuman comments about her brain op ironic
Problem is the conservation system depends on charging for licensed kills to fund work . He just killed wrong lion
RaGa , who cant write a condolence message by himself , lives by second name , was taking meritocracy in FTII
So , my Dr would n't sign me off to do the skydive tomorrow for because of my mentalhealth atm haha nextTime sorry 😕
We love those who ignore us , yet we ignore those who love us . 💔 Ironic
The one and only time I ever met Will was at the Dreams & amp ; Nightmares listening .
Because it 's too far fetched ?
Awww , its so sad to hear mourinho speak without his usual pride . it must suck for him to be this humble
Me ? Crying because of Leo's'memories of his mother ? Nah . It's'just me being tired ! ColinMorgan never makes me cry ! Humans
just saw a tweet about heaven that had 666 favorites .
One result of evolution that creationists use everyday : The Evolution of Corn via
Went to GenCon , came home to card game shipped in the mail .
Feeling seriously ill on a Friday night 😫 Must be all the excitement of looking forward to the weekend 🙈 BetterFeelBetterForSaturday
of repealthe8th supporters they find image of aborted baby offensive yet want it legally protected & amp ; funded by taxpayer & amp ; notacrimal
Some people are amazing writers.But when it comes to talking in public they need a PR help.Irony
Ironic - got a stooopid robocall from TimesColonist , today -booo ! bring robocalls case to court , via
wow , they jumped in & amp ; corrected that quickly .
Fire engines outside Vapour 4 You after somebody has dropped a cigarette into the cellar ...
Hahah ! ! They also offered 50 % to TTP & amp ; ISIS.😔😔😔Irony
Homeland Security [ DHS ] warns drones could be used in attacks
I have acquired yet another admirer that is n't you .
Correction : Self care is for other people . hyperb
MeantIrony
Well the 6 Canadian hockey clubs ca n't win the Cup , so they have to make the moves to go for the World Series title
Just picked up an uber ride from Tow Yard Brewery . His destination ... the tow yard . cantmakethisstuffup
Love that Gerard has scored at Goodison in Bitters testimonial ... irony
Ppl who give birth to more than one child are also among those who shout y ind is not as developed as china or us
. went to BlackLivesMatter convening in Cleveland , where participants were pepper-sprayed by cops
I mean , you did basically make sex with me worth 10X as much as the other guys so ... : - ) I do n't even have an ego .
Hitchhiking Robot , Safe in Several Countries , Meets Its End in Philadelphia : the city of brotherly love
the guys from sons of anarchy are some bad mother fuckers . but they always wear their helmets . ironic soa
Humans want to be more glorious than God but fall short of the glory of God .
I do n't want to fly or be around planes for awhile ... oh wait , I work at the fucking airport ! standby jetlag
Why do all country stars these days have the same body language as hip hop artists ? CMAfest
When I found this , I laughed bc ironic
That moment when vs my deliver a package to a FedEx office
Does anyone else notice that the people going around killing animals for sport are the first people to oppose abortion ? shocking
So just rang to check how I liked their service . Alas , we could n't hear each other coz the reception was so bad . : - )
Some kathedrals and their passive aggressive signs make me want to cause mischief ironic
Unless I am mistaken , this must be another `` King 's Landing ! '' humor
The timing of this beef could n't of came at a better time for Drake with his OVOFest . help make Drake an even bigger star😆
Maddy has a dance called Golden Girl & amp ; has a song Golden Ironic LoveIt DanceMoms
What a shocker ! 0-0 in Finland ! ? !
But they audition with awesome songs and vocal renditions yet churn out trash when they win . projectFame
First person to wish me was my exbf oh the of life
his was after the report earlier that countryside crime gone down ! Ironic
Sign on park bench
semi final esl one cologne 2014 , no points for you . seems logical , deos n't it ?
myself . I did nothing but defend myself while you were here trying to tell me how to live my life ironic
Shelli does n't like insects ganging up on smaller ones . BBAD
patriots fans whining about being the victim and other people getting fair treatment instead of them ? Wow
I got swagpunkd tonite - mousepad - hashtag thisisthe80s productownerfail ironic agile2015
Most ironic twitter post and ad placement ever SubtleCommentary
So is she going to quit and blame the other host ? ? ? I mean does n't she call out other `` racist '' ironic
'Beauty is variable , ugliness is constant ' - as seen in the Puppet Quest Guide Variables section
suis liberte maybe not as sexist as men who go to strip clubs and harass women on twitter
Says the one who gave India for a decade it 's PM who was n't even democratically elected jumped to death
Someone on my Facebook gans on about attention seekers all the time , yet posts attention seeking statuses ... ironic hypocrite arsehole
I saw a picture of a fig today on here that somebody tried to pass as a vagina . My coworker just asked if I wanted a fig .
Why is the 'fear of long words ' called hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia ?
All these awesome API talks and most of them do n't support Accept : video/mp4
BachelorInParadise crawling with crabs . ironic
Using an iPhone to record another iPhone while recording a criticism of Apple
People advocate for months about men hitting women and now they want to see Mayweather fight Rousey .
Tell me you get the of judging people upset about ATTOutage being obsessed w/technology by tweeting about it .
Oops I missed out because I was so focused on writing Need to submit draft by 19th so will be there on 18/8 ! suwtues
The dictionary uses words to define words .
Majority of Briton 's are worried about ClimateChange but it 's slipped down the political agenda since 2008 ! ironic
The people who are supposed to understand you are the ones you should understand.irony
Big govt in NV is destroying the solar energy business . much ? NVleg D RTR
I 'm somehow going to the nicki concert tonight lol ironic
My fat ass could go for a sleeve of Skinny Oreos .
Dentist appot at 2:30 tomorrow , lol ironic
857 porn sites blocked under section 69A ... Am I the only one who finds humor in this ? PornBan
57 DavidCameron and IDS will probably get the Humanitarian Awardirony Tories ToryScum
welcome to the fray .
Now ai n't that a bitch ?
Never thought I 'd see the day when humpday and JoeJackson would be trending topics on Twitter at the same time . ironic Viagra
Beiber declared love for Supernatural thanks to Shatner , and not that long ago the Beleibers were boycotting Supernatural . spnfamily
British PM David Cameron asks Vietnam to tackle corruption ; Praises Singapore as role model
Why do these people profess all the bad things others allegedly do but when they skrewed up all they do is make excuses ! ironic
: Indian govt blocks porn sites under the section '69 ' .. wait for it .. ' A'PornBan 69
fat ? No . But if you went to Starbucks and ordered a tall coffee ...
Wellhavetodobetterforourfuture Nuffsaid @ Healthy lifestyle
Bad advertising for Tinder because that 's where they got them from ..... except for the ones already evicted .
paranoia was once a stick to beat CFC fans with . Now the BBC is a platform for SOS to preach it.irony
Patriots fans throwing stones @ the Ravens over tipping Colts off .. Patriots fans ... throwing stones .. GTFO
Brownskin girls always hated me but I never really had a lightskin gf ironic
So I see Kevo after a year , last I saw him he was dancing like a man but this time he was dancing like a bitch shaking his ass.The
I can not see any point in what today 's milk protest could achieve . Farmers clear the shelves in supermarkets but then give it away ! ?
Look out for our flyers around Bangor . This one at Ballyholme Butchers is a personal favourite .
Party game : fastest person to set their own tongue on fire wins some laffy taffy : ) UCantTasteItTho
I had to post this because of how ironic this was when I realized what I 'd done . film…
Do some yoga to relax ... get cheat cramp during corpse pose.Yoga
Desperately seeking it copywriting headline proofreading spelling subediting typo
Capitalism at it 's finest - The Trump Game . Socialists are in the lead , however . ironic nyudc donaldtrump
Great . Now we 're going out-Christian each other at the GOPDebate ... while completely ignoring many of the teachings of Jesus .
President of a Mothers-Against-Drunk-Driving local chptr -- a male frmr police offcr -- is chrgd w/ impaired drvng
`` Most people believe whatever it is you say '' ' I completely agree with that ' . funny
A commercial for StraightOuttaCompton during the GOPDebate seems somehow Ironic
We blamed front office for overshadowing Marsch and Schalli 's visions and decisions . Now fans asking for just that . IMFC
7 just throwing it out there , that 's a comma splice 😂😂😂
SomethingIHate Haters .
Literally , Donald Trump sounds like he is running for President in 1992 . GOPDebate GungHo Check out `` Rising Sun '' on
Michael Clarke moves himself down the order to keep away from the new ball . Comes in after 8 deliveries 😂 Ashes2015 bbccricket
Got ta love the StraightOuttaCompton ad after the only BlackLivesMatter question , that was n't event answered . GOPDebate trolling
I do n't get those raised cycle lanes . They 're only `` raised '' for bicycle tyres . Car tyres do n't even notice them .
Ben Carson talking about a brain gopdebate
Love it when an `` Antivirus '' update pops up in middle of a talk about experiments using viruses
I ca n't say 'literally ' without referencing Chris Traeger from Parks and Recreation . 😄
Tums : Milky , sugary tablets that somehow make you not want to barf . ironic
Just experienced `` The Salad '' at cafe while sitting on a leather booth . maybeitsveganleather
Following your dreams cost money .. ironic
Oh , hella . So funny , just finished up shoot this morning for a dog walker .
Atheists are the ones most offended by that God question . ironic
collected from `` reunion '' island
I sadly remember , last year I was praying to God for his life , then last night I prayed thankfully to God , that He takes his life . ironic
Sounds like 'Fantastic Four ' is n't so fantastic ...
Meeting the man of my dreams & amp ; then meeting his beautiful wife ... storyofmylife for weeks now✔️ ironic
The same candidates that are pro-life supports are the same ones in favor of capital punishment .
We are heading towards our `` 69 '' th Independence day and Porn is Ban . PornBan
All the hoo-ha over who plays Johnny Storm sinks in the face of what is turning out to be an overall bad movie .
But ca n't wake up this early on a normal workday ! Ironic
time I genuinely tried to see where you are coming from and when you refuse to show me I get called a fundie . You do n't grasp ?
Busboy 's gf comes in 15min before closing . Her table wasnt bussed before she sat down
Slowest gas pumps in town named Speedway . ironic
“ : On the road to success , there are no shortcuts ... quote leadership here
So it 's a stat that he did n't get a stat ? ironic bigcall
IRONIC Where I live now theres a drought ... back home theres a flood ... prayfortheworld
Obama born in Hawaii ! His father MalcolmX an American citizen.Donald Trump was born in SouthAfricaHis father NOT an American ! irony
630-7pm meeting on work-life balance .
Yeah probably best to avoid . That said , we 've had four red cards in our first three ties
Maybe you can 'resurrect ' it via hologram .
When the federal EPA trigger a million gallons of acid waste into the animas river ... ironic
Watched Jurassic 2 tonight . Hunter said he had been on too many safaris with rich dentists . CecilTheLion ironic whatisitaboutdentists ?
He called asylum seekers 'parasites ' and when called on it said this .
art nothing spells `` relax '' lime CAPS LOCK SHOUTINGirony
GD & amp ; TOP got more than BIGBANG lol ironic
Foundation of Excellence poster in thrift shop thrift shop good deal Milton makessense…
When u see it ....
I tried to tweet about 's bad wifi but the tweet failed because of how bad the wifi was
ironic Burke There 's a difference between apologising because you are sorry and apologising weeks later to save your privileged job
Just realized the gym I go is a `` judgement-free zone '' , yet it they call you out for being a douche . judgement
This is ironic but can happen in Pakistan , Afghan president holds Pakistani identity card .
That other awkward moment when you record the first episode of TheBachelorAU just to take this screenshot .
liberals think the confed flags racist , they demand it be banned.Planned Parent Hood founded by a racist to kill blacks , still around ironic
anti West Ham BBC reporter at it again . I 'm upset how your taxpayer funded salary is being wasted on this obsession ironic
Who am I kidding of course I 'm the friendliest asshole you 'll ever ironic
I saw a man who looked very lost wearing a shirt that said `` Found it ! ''
Trump2016 is a bully just going after the moderator . Then he steals the dr nominees line about having a brain GOPDebate
I like to think all tube staff are sitting at home frustrated that they cant go somewhere on their day off because of the tubestrike
Does anyone else see the of partnering with for the GOPDebate yet you ca n't stream it online without a cable sub ?
Holy shit I just saw a hot ass white girl that drives a white e30 ironic shefinedoe
I just asked my five year old if she wanted to keep watching debate . She said , `` No , I want peppa pig , It 's a kid show '' .
`` Computers are going to reach the level of Americans before Brits . '' quoteoftheday Geoff Hinton Google
ElizabethMay looked like a fish out if water tonight . sustainability vote2015 cpac
Kind of ironic that Nature Box does n't sponsor RicFlair .
About to play some PS4 . gurlgamer games
Amelia enjoying two of my favorite things in life , and bacon .
True Reality TV tonight.Funny , we ’ ll look back on this one day and thank him for shaking things up.Trump GOPDebate
If you have to declare your individuality on conformist social media like Twitter , you are not an individual .
Just when I think things ca n't get worse , I have to listen to Ian Healy promote `` the voice '' . Ashes canwevotecommentatorsoff
he lives in one of the sheds 😂😂😉
Sissy looks over at a young girl walking down the street and asks if she wants candy ironic
Tried to log in to Dashlane the password manager . Finally an app that can store my passwords ! ! ! Could n't though.Forgot my password.😳
Trop de zèle ... RT 'Pixels ' copyright notices took down the studio 's own trailer
A Well Respected Man dobsongs
Sometimes , I just wish we could all turn our phones off and just learn how to live life outside of them . : ) Yet here I am tweeting .
SpaghettiKing : .camanpour No one sees where tables R turned on Trump he is one apprentice Prez-hopeful among many . Greater he…
😂😂😂 `` conservative '' who thinks Trump is rude : does your men put a paper bag over your head while they FUCK YOU
Nothing on TV . Flicked to local TVchannel . Woman saying she hates people who use FB , Twitter , etc to tell strangers how try feel . ironic
And so many tuned in because was on that stage . 😂 foxnews
neversettle for a hashtag in your language . Smh .
we adore who ignore us and ignore those who adore us ! ironic
while scanning what 's on later .. god satan ironic
`` : Abandoned greenhouse being reclaimed by nature ... irony Ordered , dr Ben Carson : )
People do n't even be themselves out of fear of what some mfs that do n't know them think Ironic
Graeme a Lab Supp calling me a Lab Supp delusional , passive aggressive & amp ; a condescending arse .
Is n't it ironic ? The word highfalutin itself is highfalutin
The last 2 nights I 've had the BEST sleep of my LIFE ! ! ! ! ironic
then you might want to support I think she had the biggest balls in both debates womanpower
At a concert listening to a Spanish-singing act & amp ; watching the ASL interpreter to follow what the music says . ironic idontknowspanish
Stevie Wonder - `` Cash In Your Face '' donaldTrump GOPDebate
Hey , where 's your `` The 4 biggest misconceptions about Jeremy Corbyn '' article gone ? It was live earlier but now 404 ...
IFunny . = Natl Soc Amer Worker 's Party , and the OTHER Nat Socs Hated The Kike Brothers Koch
My dads worst road rage occurs on the way to church .
Inexpensive afternoon at cinema = mission impossible ironic
. We are self righteous & amp ; extremely self critical as a nation but when it comes to us as individuals , Voila ! V r perfect
Another beautiful day in manitoba lesterbeach ! ! ! ! With friends from Calgary
If someone talks about what clothes girls should n't wear , people will kill him . But now everyone is talking about RadheMaa clothes.Irony
PSNI operating in large numbers in Belfast to facilitate a parade held by the very terrorists who try to kill them on a regular basis
`` Mr. Trump fired Roger Stone last night .... and Roger wanted to use the campaign for his own personal publicity.irony
. Osborne 's anti-environment policies threaten Welsh jobs : c/o via UK
First rule of cpc is to ignore all contradictions in favour of blind belief . forgetfacts canpoli
Microsoft invests in informatica the same day it announces the public availability of azuredatafactory .
Some private Engg colleges in Kerala wo n't permit laptops in ladies hostels even for Computer Science students ! WTF !
look at that you get called out and act just like a liberal
Probably in the top 25 imo Deano . Prodigious at times but rarely popular ironic
Sunscreen education cancer council sunscreen has toxic chemicals ironic
ironic ( since it comes from the Iranian PressTV )
Get the fuck outta here . This makes me mad 😂😂😂
`` I feel like the only sane person here ... and I 'm from Wonderland . ''
The zealots are beginning to out themselves . Doing exactly what they hate about Leftists .
Do n't know whether to laugh or cry or just choke doing both at the same time . china conservation conservation
I 'm rollin with this dime and she rollin up a dime , , Ironic
I am camping at 'The Quiet Site ' . Some nobhead in the next tent is snoring so loudly that I 'm trying to sleep in my car .
just figured out : somehow our society is pretty addicted to smartphones ? ! Let 's google what we can do about it ironic
- Must kill these guys that the internet was developed by the government . Just saying .
Trump , a GOP candidate , and his followers calling out FoxNews for being bias in its reporting is beyond funny ! Ignorant Ironic
Fantastic four was anything but fantastic
What a weird night last night . actually had people watching it ... and not just from clips on .
Lol ...... Look around
When you help people get higher than where they were then they try to kick you down . Wtf ironic snakes
Funny how you call me a liar then you go and lie to me . 👍
From the streets , 9th Street ... bluenote StraightOutta
Hey , I 'm in the wrong club listening to this shit TingTings
`` You do n't get to say if you get hurt in this world , but you do get to choose who hurts you '' 😊😊 Fate QuotesOfTheDay
TweetMeAStory She was a bold n happy 75 when she graduated & amp ; said `` My Life is Just Beginning '' . She died the next day .
these politicians would do anything to save their butts
People trying to cause trouble and provoke an argument ... It would be annoying if it was n't so blatantly obvious ! BoreOff PotKettle
Rue 21 has a wallet that says `` Livin ' La Vida Broka . '' It 's $ 1 and I 'm too broke to get it . notactualirony whatpeoplecallirony
Environmental disaster created by EPA . karma
stan No show , no name socks . I could see the no-show socks . ironic
Got yelled at for being on my phone all day . As I reply `` I 'm not '' everyone in the room gets a text saying we are over our DATA . 😑 ironic
Was just cut off on the traffic circle by search and rescue ! ! helpful moncton WTF15 ironic
I wish ! AppFriday How can I be an English teacher with sons who hate to read ? AppFriday
Hahaha both of those songs came on one after the other 😂 ironic
Sent son out 2 play & amp ; get away from screen temptation . He bailed on his skateboard , skinned both knees , & amp ; is now watching a movie .
I would be spending my day at a wedding shower ...
Probably not the marketing brand this health care company was going for . brandingfail
An email to tell us email is broken .
When you have fire practice and the meeting point is The Monument . The Monument to the Great Fire of London .
`` With a name like Dani CaliforniaThe day was gon na comeWhen I was gon na mourn ya '' rhcp
If people lie to the govt , it is Felony but when govt lies to people it 's just Politics ... : /
do you not realize that is starting against us tonight ?
However we have watched mostly your vlogs ironic i know lol BattenChat
I have n't seen anything except those followers undermining every other cause Selfish Ironic AllLivesMatter
To answer this message or not is the question . My interest has been piqued lol . cryptictweet fullcircle
Most of the folks that sell books on PH city roads do n't read them .
The only board game that did n't stay in its box during our house moving was 'Pick up Sticks '
Here 's the explanation - quite ironic does n't understand the very basic chart . UKIP Dullard
In C ! randomly started playing on my laptop during work today ... randomly being the key word musicianshipVIprobs
Ironic Doctors ( pushers ) trying to save kids lives , a result of their unholy alliance with 'legal ' drug companies
Lol Uber Ad on YouTube on a video detailing what 's wrong with lol
want to but as I have just given up my job to research metabolic disease I ca n't afford it paleo
So blacks are either victims or drug pushers ? No wonder your inability to grasp truth is staggering
because all the people who love CaitlynJenner ca n't tolerate the kardashian clan .
Looks like Jolly is n't so jolly anymore Hollyoaks
V is so cute and his voice is so deep Ironic 💕 I love listening to BTS LetMeKnow 🎧🎶…
Note to self . Do not trust old bass strings .. Just broke one playing .. One . 😂😂 So hardcore . U2 Bass fail
Fight song as I 'm driving into the dot ! irony
Jets players were fighting about airplane tickets
Was n't just speaking on this this morning ? & amp ; it 's the Jets ? NFL : QB Geno Smith out 6-10 weeks
There 's a new Spotify playlist called Life Sucks , which includes artists like Train and Adele .
IK Enemkpali could face NFL discipline for `` incidence of workplace violence '' NFL MaximusWouldNotApprove
It 's funny how you 're now engaged to the girl you cheated on while you were dating me & amp ; I knew nothing about this girl at the time . ironic
becoming a bondservant of Christ gives you the most freedom you 'll ever experience .
I wonder if people who bounce trains realise that they are the reason why `` trains are always full when they reach my station ! ''
So A/B testing does n't work on online websites And in the same vein , my car 's broken
Now DHS help desk insiders report frequent repeat myGov registrations . Again , not fraud , but humans needing some redundancy . ironic
govmcdonnell signed a new law that applies to him . No felon can get their state retirement . Of course he 's appealing . VA
a speech can make 100 FIR 's in hours but incident with 300 children 's ca n't shake anyone in this Land of Pure
Any1 realize the logo is a batter with a ball coming upandin ? Talk abt part of the history of the game ! ironic
Pepsi removes aspartame from diet cola - but only in the USA . Do lives matter less outside the USA
Android users can fire Google Now and replace it with Cortana . Anyone going to give this a try ? Cortana
`` Easy Like Heaven - The Cure ... '' This video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by Daniel Barassi . ICanDoThisAllDay
September 1970 my Momma took her scared and crying boy to his first day of school . Just finished my 27th first day as a teacher ...
|REPLAY| Katch HowieMandel Periscope
One of great things about Scots is their rejection of media political manipulation but not , unfortunately , on GMO .
‘ Even-Keeled ’ White House Staffer Arrested After Shooting At Boyfriend With His Own Gun via ironic
The 'would n't it be nice ' guy has article re : NDP = financial uncertainty reversemortgage nocredibility
Human hunter kills an animal : `` OH NO ! WHAT AN A-HOLE ! '' Alligator bites off woman 's arm : `` OH , HE 'S JUST DOING WHAT GATORS DO ! ''
Typical Kensington humor : release a song called Done With It to celebrate the successes of the past year 😄
funny , liberals demonized over 100k jobs lost seems Wynne has the same plan ironic
Stuck driving behind a Comcast van . They 're going 10 miles under the speed limit
Is it actually ironic ? 3 TED-Ed Lessons on ironic
( I think that 's ... )
Bob McDonnell is in jail ... and Hillary Clinton is not
Oh the KMSLWe 're guessing mlk only ... - bblogger beautyblogger beauty tips
Eng10 ( 2/2 ) 'The Bass , the River , and Sheila Mant'-Discuss the 3 types of in literature-Read `` Lamb to the Slaughter ''
Phantom movie which is an anti terror is produced by Sajid Nadiadwala who was accused of being friends with Terrorist Dawood Ibrahim .
Have I mentioned lately how much I 'm loving windows 10 ? ! bastards bloodybastards
It 's probably worth noting I put down my controller from playing Titanfall to write that ...
Amen To That I find it so Ironic that you used to head up the Consumer But Chose to Block a Boycott
It 's crazy how someone who completely understands where I 'm at right now in life , can totally change my perspective on life . ironic fate
report indicates that petrol is most expensive in oil rich Bayelsa State at N153/litre
DonaldTrump has made the boring US election campaign entertaining . Not to mention making the likes of Jeb Bush look like idiots .
Halez telling her mom to stop being dramatic ironic
A bum wearing a Texas lottery t-shirt wishfulthinking ?
Nina playing with that clay . GH
And the PRs are discussing brands as they drink Starbucks in a Pret A Manger .
I mean r our lives so deminishable n meaningless that we must live vicariously thru others ? justsayin minirant tyranny
A selfish lifestyle will never truly satisfy yourself .
Haha just realized Curtis Lepore has a `` discipline '' tattoo on his chest
Bake off will help me through the wait tbh 😊🍰 bakeoff Ironic
when starts making more sense than a lot of people on the internet .
Now that we 're old , whenever the doorbell rings , hubby and I think `` stranger danger '' !
very well said sir . VikasVirodhiCongress
Rahul Gandhi says that IPL is the greatest den of black money in the country . Rajiv Shukla claps ... PappuSoDuffer
Nietzsche believed that the German spirit was , `` tied to the Greeks by the noblest necessity '' Eurozone / ironisch ?
I stopped opening up and telling certain people my business ... And then I lost `` friends '' ironic
His background pic has empty seats on it
Forced to finish this in 20 mins coz Independence day
Damn the Patriots out here stuffing the Packers
New Blog Post : What colour is your flag ?
never thought something so close will become so inaccessible
LOL at Pakistan Independence Day with the Islamic crescent moon on your flag , L-O-FUCKING-L
TV screens at old ed 's showing the news clip of the incident at the same gym . Is anyone even noticing ? VirginActive
Colour and cut by pinkhair TheLionandTheFox blondebaines @ 28 hatton wall…
Monday : Roberto Martinez moans about transfer window being open when season starts . Thursday : signs a player . EFC
First pic is of a 'Safety ' vehicle .
The Wordbrain logo , as a puzzle , is unsolvable .
Ha ! at its finest ! jesus
power cut during the TV independence day events
It 's not that I think I 'm that much smarter , it 's just that I think everyone else is so much dumber . iknow hatesomuchabouttoday
Watching the episode of Dawson 's Creek where Pacey dates his teacher & amp ; the whole town talks about it .
Sgt . McCalla has complained about nearly every meaningful aspect of INDECOM 's powers but he is not opposed to oversight .
.. New Hope buying up the relics of an unhealthy dying dinosaur industry .. How ironic is that !
then you missed my hilarious hashtag Matty .
After StraightOuttaCompton , I think my first book should be titled `` Do n't quote me boy cuz I ai n't said shit . ''
60s channel on just now : `` Music to Watch Girls By , '' followed by Aretha with `` Respect . '' ironic AncientTimes
AdviceForStudentsThisYear Get involve in something that forces human-to-human interaction
. has just said that the Liberal Party `` stands up for the workers '' auspol qt
This guy calling 2 of the most important and successful people `` Idiots '' when he , himself ca n't spell `` DOWN '' .
I just read on Calvinism in gracecoddington 's memoir while wearing CalvinKlein situational on this beautiful friday morning 😊
bare metal based is a common ask - maybe use ironic to bootstrap ?
The cat fell asleep on `` The Great Path of Awakening ''
a Scholar I feel the exact opposite . I feel free , happy to think how I want , my opinions my own , no longer a parrot.irony
I meant to say ribs not RBIs . ironic mntwins
so the naked chick sucking on dildos for money is calling me an idiot LOL
I would have to take the bus to get there
Also , many couples still can accept the revelation that their partners are cheating with oppo sex .
Wait ... should n't the issue here be the fact you have three girlfriends ... ironic TheBachelorAU
Lord Janner loses appeal , lawyer says forced to go to court barbaric , inhumane and uncivilised . paedosadist
FOUR DAYS four ironic
Lightning up a cigarette in your sports car that is adorned with a `` pro-life '' bumper sticker .
We could do so much if we stopped trying to kill each other . war education childeducation
another level more like .
I stopped craving people the moment I got to know they never remain the same ...
I 've upgraded to the newest which disabled 1Password , HTTPS-Everywhere , and Privacy Badger in order to keep me safe online .
Ultimate example of my life being a joke : I once dated a boring guy who looked like Bob Newhart .
Why do we need a specific day to salute the armed forces when they protect us everyday ? SaluteSelfie India
“ These lunatics brought children to an adult expo . Who thinks that 's child endangerment ?
`` This is the end '' was the last movie that was rented from blockbuster before they went under . ironic funfact
If I call you rude I will be sugar coating hell . ironic
`` I should probably start watching the news . '' OverheardInTheNewsroom
Ca n't turn hoe into a housewife but I 've seen housewife 's turned into hoes lol Ironic
Penang , Phuket : islands of - Phuket Gazette
Let 's nt politicize matters . Okay let 's discuss rocket science with politicians . Soldier 's a Sec-Threat.irony GiveUsOROP
Failed car lot . Too much faith did it in . Universal approval angered God . religion atheism timages Enjoy .
Love all the sideeye-s at the gym then all the hungry eyes on grindr . thirstyqueens
tickets eeer ... this is from someone called 'ticket exchange '
ironic that the original seseme street was on a network that hated marketing . Hypicrissy anyone ? RedEye
In which a cultist examines other cults .
is laying off actual `` citizens of the USA '' and Outsourcing jobs thirdworldbank
I 'm sitting next to someone at cpsgoogle on Yahoo mail .
miner Potato Complaining about an early access paywall , yet paying a game subscription .
So much so that I 'm sharing it again in attention-grabbing pink . I know it 's long but read it .
DEFINITELY . 👓 woodyallen movies quote funny cinema
Thrashing War Veterans stating security reasons is a big shame on d govt OROP
Housing : Paying Your Dues . migrants
A good day for night photography ! nightphotography nightlight lowlights lowlight…
A8 : I think we all know I want to get married on the roof of the parking structure . beautiful vegaschat
If this does n't make you laugh until tears are brought upon your face idk what will because at this weight I pulled no hoes
We can keep the Metro station clean but not Indian Railway .
Perhaps he should invite DeRay for tea and biscuits to discuss where next to create racial tensions.Irony
Gee , PhyllisWise , how does it feel to be on the wrong end of a decision “ motivated more by politics than the interests of the U ” ?
Currently cutting grass in a Mexicans yard ironic
Everyone always wants the truth whilst no one is willing to always tell the truth .
Being manly and watching green street cos football hooliganism is my new weird interest in life hammers fighting dontendorse
Despite being a YA myself , I struggle with this .
probably best you do n't . He drops racial slurs and slurs against homosexuals , but calls out others for it ?
really is that why Vanessa is always crying and blowing up ? ! bb17
All the labour mp 's saying Corbyn is unelectable seem to be totally unaware they have made their party unelectable for a decade . ironic
Most ironic text from this morning ! !
Hmmm ... Something tells me there is n't much chance of that happening .
Where are you Eva Carneiro ! ! ! ! Uncle Mou is missing you ... Just a bit of BAD blood it seems .... IronyMCICHE
This `` socialist '' supports The New Party & amp ; WestMonster & amp ; British nationalism & amp ; does not do
We ask God to change our situations but God puts us in such situations to change us !
If an intelligent educated man is in the GOP race for the nomination , he is required to sound like an idiot to appeal to the base ironic
so a Manchester City physio had to go treat a Chelsea player ... ! ! ! Irony MCFC CFC BPL
So not only Chelsea had to deploy their team doctors for one incident but City doctors also had to help Chelsea on a second incident .
The Brewder family has just fallen out over a game of `` Happy Families '' ironic
sawanad CBC 6:20am Sask time Justin just not ready - `` You ca n't borrow money forever '' cdnpoli
wbc15 Being on the post tour bus with my laptop working ... Boo .
Tomislav do u think it wise calling ppl leftards when ur on an intellectual disability allowance from the government ?
Every time I get a campaign email I ca n't help but feel the
Vet patches rhino with leather leather ironic
Way to headline responsibly , CBC .
I love and I love . CantHelpIt TheyAreBothBeautiful Champs CyborgWho ?
Militants attacking Pakistani in punjab , our military is bombing Waziristan in revenge ... do n't understand this stupid logic
Chelsea conceding from set piece , the
Some of the most intelligent people I 've ever met are backing Corbyn . Dismissing him shows a typical level of ignorance/arrogance .
Why is a German riding to Land of Hope and Glory ? Aachen2015
dealing with the humanitarian crisis at Calais so well does it make you proud to have voted Tory and have Cameron as a great PM
your next comedy special should be called `` Tig 'ol Bitties '' yourewelcome
Woke up this morning to KLOVE playing , `` There Is Power in the Name of the Jesus . '' Hit snooze 3x .
So .. a Bush goes into Iraq defending his daddy .. and now a Bush wants to be commander in chief/defending his brother Iraq war CNN Jeb
grown man struggles with they 're supposed to have nothing but they somehow manage to have fully charged IPhones
ICE is “ committed to rooting out [ … ] human rights violators who seek a safe haven in the United States . ”
My little girls spelling test . ironic spellingteast
Strong and soft at the same time
This alcohol training might drive me to drink .
Is n't building a robot capable of Evolving something you would call an intelligentdesign ?
Gotham started off really good . I just lost interest really fast .
you abuse them in a racist manner . How else ? Pretty surprising question coming from an American .
Back from sunny Mt . Fuji , where we were prepared for rain , to a rainy Tokyo ... Irony
First time getting pizza from and pretty disappointed . ToppersLacksToppings wheresthechicken
WAIT . You love a show about a CriminalMastermind who sells Meth , and yet your ToughOnCrime ? PS I 'll gladly pay
Walgreens -- where you can buy cigarettes at the front counter but have to walk all the way to the back to get your prescription .
WOW ! using social media to `` promote '' a sermon about social media busted hypocrite ironic
But it 's mostly based on being successful in other ways besides being a basic HR manager Ironic
I 'm wank with money , calling me Rich was a stroke of genius ...
LifttheBan aka `` Crude Victory '' OpEd Obama has authority2 allow US oil exports w/out Congress . ironic
Gov Pataki calls Trump a sideshow . foxandfriends
Everyone having a go at United , including Chelsea fans , for two average performances yet we 're top .. Laughable . MUFC BPL
Sorry , I 'm too busy eating lobster in my yacht ( paid for with self-published comics profits ) to comment .
. Like that time Rumsfeld Hand Delivered weapons and support to Saddam Hussein for Reagan ?
How come an Octopus possess abstract reasoning abilities when in fact , most human beings lack common sense ? Ironic
I 'm a Starcraft wiz since I took the advice of this one ^ ^ I know , shamefully ironic
of sorts pakikillindians indiansavepakis beinghumans
Lightning strikes 44 US Army personnel during training on how to protect themselves from lightning
Timing ...
My favourite part from Star Wars is when Gandalf says to Potter : '' Use the force Harry '' fun starwars harrypotter thelordoftherings
Oh the irony ! RealAmerican HulkHogan
I saw this great quote on my phone . Thank God for my phone . meme getoffmylawn misattributedquotes
Hate people that subtweet if you have something to say about me do n't you think I should be notified ? ironic
the of shaving your beard and have client ask how long it takes to grow a beard ! modellife ironic modellistid
How do you persuade others to read a book that you wo n't even read yourself ? ironic
My hilarious nephew Josh just said : `` kids are all about technology now . 6 year olds have iPhone 6s '' . fromthemouthofbabes ironic
84 pot ... kettle ... black ...
Nearly every fitness blog/site I read talks about how the fitness industry is full of misinformation .
I was just asleep when your tweet woke me up thanks 😐😐
Tom Jones had 'no idea ' about leaving The Voice - ironic someone lost their voice when it came to telling SirTom
lmao n it 's his birthday midnight : P 😂😂
Stalin 's harvest RT Gordon Brown just advocates a weird communism in which our votes belong to Labour Party
become naive living with 'em ... hmm~ I 'm still learning ... do n't affront me ...
“ Your music is satanic ! ” Yeah .. he looks soooo evil . celebritycrushbvb bvbarm…
There is a lady reading `` girl on a train '' in a train station . Lol . ironic
VALERIE SCHULTZ : More inclined to listen , but now trouble is hearing - The Bakersfield Californian
Trying to keep awake with help from the Sandman ?
BlackLivesMatter protestors wearing plannedparenthood t-shirts .
Suspended James Faulkner seals game for Lancashire , just . And because he 's ineligible for Aust he will be around for finals day
says the dude on Twitter ...
made me laugh given I was swapping out my car b/c it smelled like smoke Clerks were very helpful thx
Karl Bitter , the designer of the Thomas Lowry memorial , was killed in New York when a car jumped a curb and struck him dead .
I walked past a guy sitting in front of the Kindle office today ready a paperback ironic
Funny thing is , this so called evil report has been reporting lies that do turn up to be true sooner or later ! irony1MDB
oh , and it works
DeviousMaids Carmen , `` all the roles for Latinas are maids . Like all Latinas are maids ? ! Sanchez Lol deviousarmy
ESPN got rid of and now your leaving the SEC for the PAC 12 espn secbias sec pac12
It 's great how his ilk scream about free speech .
Said the Native American to everyone else . americanprivilege entitledgop
Yet you 're subtweeting about me so your logic is beat a subtweet with another subtweet
The elephant in the room is that there are more Dodgers fans than A 's fans here tonight , but Stomper the mascot seems oblivious .
DWP in Welsh means stupid
Social media pisses me the fuck offironic
} ; ) RT True wisdom is wordless .
and we 've been told for years it was the republicans that wanted to `` poison our water ''
the 1 who left him 8 the time wn he needed hr most gets Aww n AAAWWs 4m thm n d 1 who resolvs 2 stand wd hm is brt down 2 apologise
My whole face since that 's a thing now . face mine eyes hospital ironic life beautiful soldier…
Preview of tomorrow & amp ; throwback to DPURATraining 2014 : unexpected fire drill during crisis response session
A `` divided '' Abbott Government over a .... conscience vote auspol
Demolished a whole pack of PeanutM & amp ; Ms while trying to register with FitnessAustralia . Still waiting for the page to load ironic
I wish I had a voice bc do u know how impossible it is to scream at your sisters to stop yelling at each other w/ no voice ? silent
And I went to school in DR when I was younger and was in bilingual class til 1st grade cuz I did n't know English . Now look at me lol ironic
Ravenwood23 you guys certainly show America has n't evolved very far cowboypolitics prolife but ProGun
. politicians lament that radicals pervert Islam but tolerate preaching of the `` prosperity gospel '' and `` seed faith ''
Happy 69th to Ironic
the of trump wanting to wipe his ass with the 14th Amendment To The Constitution 2 of hie 3 wives werent born In America 2FacedFuck
ThingsJesusNeverSaid is a hash tag for people to be bigoted/hypocritical while pointing out the bigotry/hypocrisy of Christianity
I 'll see u when i see u ! Fact TrueStory Quotes Life Wisdom Pain Ironic Facebook SM…
I 've just had a pen emblazoned with the slogan `` Safety 1st '' explode on me while I was using it ironic
someone turnedthepageandmywordscascadeddownsoheavyandfilledwithgravitynot poetry amwriting badform sorry thanks
Timing is everything and we missed each other by 5 years . Moving on , maybe distancing myself . serendipity ironic myluck guitartime
I have to look at my screen to tweet about not looking at screens to sleep better . firstworldproblem
you have Americans randomly follow you , I 'm having American Christians ! ... agnostic
At Dante 's nightclub in U-District where firefighters have a small kitchen fire under control .
When did thugs become victims ? When did ppl start defending ppl they themselves would be intimidated by ?
Where do the tenants live now ? What is the real housing need if tenants can become landlords ?
Not worth it , if you think of it as revenue collection . It 's actually a trade barrier to subsidise retailers
ironic is that the right word
yeah me too ! I remember when ... 😏
Singing Beyoncés 'Listen ' in the bath and told to be quiet ironic
it 's probably the residence life staff . ironic
the 'glass with care ' on the front must be a fantastic tongue in cheek joke .
I 've been assigned to work the litho shop this semester .
if you ca n't see the msm panic about corbyn and willingness to dig up anything
Relaxing @ the nude beach w/my girl & amp ; feeling a bit creepy being the only one w/a bathing suit on FeelingSmall MeatSticksEverywhere
You 'd think that in a company focused on patient health , advocacy and disease awareness , that less people would smoke a pack a day . ironic
In India you have to look both ways to cross a one way road
G & amp ; W and SGA working together during conflict management ironic SRUleader
Sometimes letting go helps you hold on to yourself . TRHalo
Do n't be fooled by financial industry ads claiming to have your best interest in mind :
Says the guy that transferred ...
Shows up in my feed as I sit here wide awake at 2am ...
When youre at a ServSafe course and you start talking about proper sanitation and your water glass has lipstick on it . eww ironic
DM from someone I followed but who does n't follow me : `` HELLO EVERYONE ! I 'M EMZ ! FOLLOW ME AND I 'LL FOLLOW BACK ! - via ``
is something you misplaced in school
When they use Chemistry , which is Science , to prove how powerful religion is ..
The world looks big as a child and small as an adult .
The sound of your name seriously makes me gag . 😂😷 ironic
`` I shoulda just stayed fat . `` Irony
About to get on another plane and 'The Glamorous Life ' just started playing . sondheim
These Christians attacking TX guv for his Catholic post are the same people who demand we be tolerant of their beliefs .
Ahh walkies up 'Hope ' mountain on Sunday ... hope
There 's a drug and alcohol committee convention happening in the hotel and I 'm walking around in the middle of it hungover AF . 👌🏼
Joe The supposed Christian Party is choosing the most non Christian individual to be their nominee . Ironic
Is it only the blind that appreciate sight
an actual tear drop rolled down my face when I hit my vastus medialis
There 's a Sim that did n't do anything but still achieved A+ while another one worked her ass out but only got B o.O sims2 ironic
95 % of people who wear Planet Fitness shirts are n't even close to being the epitome of 'healthy '
Life is an interesting story . life quotes ironic sadness happiness noise silence abscence…
21st century definition of complaining about social media on social media ... Do n't pay attention to them watch memememememememememe
`` Baltimore Batman '' Dead : Leonard Robinson Dies After Being Hit by Car via huh laughorcry notfunny
Ironic how one minute you argue God is too harsh . Then u imply he 's lenient
so bored waiting for so long on the phone to student finance that I shazam'ed the on hold music . The song is called 'No Respect ' ironic
Pleased to see west stand much more deserted
Its like universe ( or Bed Bath & amp ; Beyond marketing ) KNEW I needed to buy to-go kit yesterday
They have Serious Texas BBQ in Colorado . Who would 've thunk it ? BBQ amwriting…
I love you , Alanis ! music alanismorissette ironic
Science 62 notifications for me this eve , mostly from fundamentalist atheists . You lot obv do n't do
Renaming a highway Obama because Dixie is too divisive . . Ironic
We were just prevented from seeing the National Civil Rights Museum because Minister Farrakhan is visiting ironic
04 reminded me of when BP went off on him last year for making a statement . Ironic
`` i think he was a little concerned about safety '' IRONY
I truly love hearing Mac folk lamenting that Windows software does n't run as expected on their systems ...
AP Calc advice posters . Summation : Note cards , go to class , do homework . I wish I would have thought of that .
It 's lonely at the top Of my Fitbit leader board . And my untappd check ins for the day/week/month ironic
mocktheweek repeat ATM on dave - 'Unlikely things to hear in court ? ' - thought they 'd edit out the Rolf Harris gag ! ! ! ironic
Im so pale , the aryanbrotherhood offered me a mascot job . hebrewthunder
the patience you are looking for , is currently not available . Please hold .
wonderful scheme , for all those children whose local library has n't been closed down ironic
Thanx ! Happy to , bt will have to wait until my class is over nxt wk . Could you do something for adult students ?
Thank goodness people are n't judged by ethnicity and forced to live in squalid ghettos these days ... whodoyouthinkyouare
Smoke free 🔥🚬 smokefree funny ironic fire teenagers teens hoodlums rebel drunk…
Check out my sweet rental ironic
Weinman quit Twitter awhile back
Won a bonus question at trivia tonight because I knew which disciples had the same name . My years as a Baptist earned me a free beer !
Car Crashes Coincidences That Are So fortunate That It 's Ironic
yet a lot still do . ironic tragic
How to wake up a nation by Banksy genius Dismalandtickets
This is gon na be the best day of my life '' currentlylisteningto
Just saw a tow truck with a flat tire ironic
Celebrating Day 7 . Cool things you might see in a school . ironic ChargedByExcellence LionPride
Moved to the city to escape hicks years later none of my friends want to see Merle Haggard Kris Kristofferson and Sturgil Simpson
HA ! Overcrowded housing conditions created by the spiritual descendants of Mama Sanger
I live within a mile of Fat Burger and Skynny Kitchen .
I guess I should 've added
'How dare say the SNP supporters have a tendency to bully journalists online ? Let 's call him a Nazi on Twitter '
Ironic😂 “ : Maybe shoulda had this bumper sticker ...
Had trouble finding my son 's Where 's Waldo book . dinnerbreak
A number of those caught up in the hack work at the Justice Department and — — the NSA AshleyMadison
G I just seen it all on A & amp ; E 's Behind Bars . A white supremacist rapping .
Healthy diet with ThisBe junkfood 🍔🍕🍗AndAlcohol 🍷🍸🍹
This is too good . Volunteer `` guard '' at a gun shop called `` Save Yourself '' shoots himself in the arm . Karma
So after my entire building flooding last night and causing loads of damage , my landlord has let me know that he 's increasing my rent
IKWYDLS SPN -I could go on ... Mmm , guess I have , eh ? : - ) xx
Tree . conceptual tree wood photo photooftheday pictureoftheday art fineart nikonD800…
Must watch how Kabir K , Saif Ali K & amp ; Katrena K apologizes on their Movie Phantom from Hafiz saeed .
Happy National Radio Day ! Said the Dj . On Twitter .
Exactly . Off come the gloves . Competitive as hell , to maintain a system that ridicules and bans competition.Irony
The guy who ought to be in jail will host a program where the participants are confined .
IronicCar w bumpersticker 'Namaste , 'driving thru stop sign w/o stopping , racing into traffic on main roadNoYouDont
Talking about things are not gon na make you happy but still you do it .
I find it ironic that I 'm staying at the Hotêl D'Angleterre , but none of the staff speak English ... solotraveldiaries frenglishtime
Harrisss I find this tweet funny because you just said you ca n't wait for better internet at LC than you got at home
I know more than a few people that can use a Digital Detox Therapist
gronkowski can have over 21 ladies football camp with first night a party but lesean mccoy gets blasted for ladies only party
As milk prices about to hit intervention price How ironic but & amp ; have moved to DA NILE permanently
Will it be a 's test match . So he can play another few tests without scoring runs . INDvSL INd 187/3
that t shirt . Nice .
So I 'm at the Indiana Muesem of Art for Dream Cars and over here something about a Carlos taking the `` green door '' leedle
Found the book I used in 's advertising class at UT ... in Portland with this sticker in it .
Banksy takes advantage of the terrible experience of online ticketing . Dismaland
It 's amazing how many ppl ask why you 're happy , but ignore you when you 're sad . ironic
Just spent 3 hours reading a psychological study on how to fight insomnia.irony
Dude in the T had a shirt that said `` uncensored '' . It had a naked lady that was censored - - . Ca n't tell if or stupidity
I 'm sitting here writing about zero calorie sweeteners ... Whilst eating chocolate biscuits with a high sugar and calorie content
I 'll tell what else is a win-win situation , you wanking into my sink , then me selling the spunk at splott market ironic VANILLA
The people who kill to get a seat on their train journey are the ones who sit in an office for 8 hours a day at work . ironic riddlemethat
😂 O Yvet ! Fab4 doing what Have tried to do for years ! Destroying Lab !
Ive been online trying to get Dismaland tickets since 8.30am .. hoax banksy muststoptrying
MakePakPay because they are insolvent economy .
Ice Cube - Today Was A Good Day reminds me of so much ! bad luck today w/ this song in my head , ironic
And shoutout all the geniuses that claim to be pro men 's rights who are sharing the picture
Ha ha ha . There 's a massive teacher shortage . I wonder why ? Gove Morgan
I guess they do n't teach in Massachusetts …
Ironic that is about to go down faster and harder than Nixon at Watergate tcot PJNET
I 'm sitting here , actually eating Subway right now !
those thrilling days of yesteryear ... disturbing cubscout scout book handbook jasonpramas
collin and i just jaywalked across the street on campus
Crazy storm powers in and out and REM 's end of the world is playing on the radio ironic reflectionsofNoah
i do really wannasee that french daft punky movie though ironic
How desperate for publicity is Steve Coogan that he has to appear as himself on the lost honour of Christopher Jeffries
life is so ironic
Glad I did n't waste time going to i2pcon to promote ppl who still believe in censorship when it is convenient for them hypocrites
Miller Joyce does n't care about endangered spiders ironic
Blasting my eardrums with loud music , drinking , talking shit on social media , gaming and thinking 'wow , young people today are shit . '
What 's crazy about betrayal is only a person you trust or believe in can perform that act . ironic
Tigers going for his 80th win on tour chasing Sneads record of 82 in the same tourney snead won 8 times prior . ironic gotiger
Quotes do n't change your life . Habits do .
Seen outside every hospital at anytime . Weird to me too ! or oxymoron . Maybe just moron
I 'm sick of people getting upset about things that do n't really matter TrueButYouShouldntSayIt
When your smartphones auto correct makes you sound like a complete moron .
To the law firm of Shank , do n't do your big promo by asking if I 'm injured . Ironic Marketing
Democrats ... put in an awkward position ... You mean like they 've done to rest of the country for far too long now ? Ironic
Should n't have like the cleanest most awesome public restrooms ? Not here . crohnslife
Says the guy parrotting shit he heard in Sunday school
they 'll be paraded during the flyby !
Dismaland : Ticket and queue misery at Banksy show - ironyBahaha
Procrastinate is a verb ? procrastination oxymoron HASHTAG loosing my mind !
Opinion : No brand 's campaign needs a hashtag . Ever . via
Ironic only two men that ever laid hands on me BOTH had my name tattooed on the same arm BOTH narcissist sociopaths ODD !
but the real it will going to be the beginning of end Hurriyat forever and new dynamics . You are blind by your -ve thoughts .
Filed under `` things that make you go hmm , '' : LAX selling drones inside the airport . wtf drones ironic
yeah same here - I was reading a book about Pomo at the time and was still too dense to get it .
if I were a tweetshrunken -- branded with hashtags -- would you still fave me ? haiku senryu poetry micropoetry mpy favplz lol
Giant chunk of chocolate in my ice cream whilst watching firstworldproblems ❤️😂
Subway created the 5 dollar ft long anthem 5 years ago and now JaredFogle is serving for 5 yrs for raping 5 year olds ..
behaves like muftis on separatists ... n we know muftis hv connections with thm .. does she too ?
Glad is so up to speed in the tech world !
Urgent message to Luton Town Fans . The away end at HP does n't have a roof , but do n't worry as it looks like a lovely sunny day today
the tube strike is about family life & amp ; not working many weekends I work every weekend & amp ; the day I have family time they 're on strike ironic
Doing a dissertation has been one of my least favorite experiences about a topic I absolutely love . cardiffuni maij
is a ghostwriting job ad stating 'plagiarism will not be tolerated ' writer writerslife ironic
ISIS Offers Reward for Killing Al Qaeda Leader
BLOOD DONT MAKE YOU MY KIN ........... STRANGERS COME THRU BEFORE THOSE PEOPLE WILLIRONY
`` .. and that 's gospe ! l '' ~ a phrase people utter at the end of a sentence they earnestly want the listener to believe .
Vanessa just called the world 's most paranoid , overplaying person . HA ! ! ! BB17
Ive never felt more alive than when watching the first five minutes of FearTheWalkingDead ironic
wow , so when did the truth get in the way of a good story ?
4th place . Missed 3rd by 10 pts . `` Guess the year '' got us yet again . Ironic
is not lost 4 Greece ! did u know Deutsche konzulat in Rhodes is located in the house called 'House of Pain ' ? fact
typical American - thinking they invented everything ! Troll
Trains I 'd love to but unfortunately you ca n't if you live in the South West ironic
Told daughter I prefer to cos I 'm a Philistine ! She said I do n't know enough about it to be a Philistine
All is Well painful to watch
Picking up lunch blocking what some would call the fire lane
Plot twist : I do n't like the song `` Drones '' that Muse 's last album was called after !
stop serving beer half way thru a concert sponsored by haveanotherbeerindetroit
Karma is a bitch . What say FailedModiSarkar ?
all the hackers have done is sent contact details for people who want a quickie to the entire world for free ironic
During the week I do n't have time to do anything . On the days I 'm free and can do whatever I want I 'm bored with nothing to do .
Not saying I am against Wash. name change but we 're so upset over that and not this ? ironic
Former 2-term Nashville mayor & amp ; TN Gov Bredesen supports Barry ; out-of-state superPAC supports Fox . Which is the `` Nashville way ? '' ironic
I just caught myself not giving my child my full attention because I was reading a parenting article online . stepawayfromthephone
of course they are c'mon , really ?
MSM coverage but no mention of Trump 's all white audience , as they 've pointed out at BernieSanders rallies ?
Every individual is unique ... Just like everyone else . conundrum
shopping at Dick 's Sporting Goods , and the guy checking me out had a boner . ironic
is when you1 . Embrace absurdity2 . Marry a vile zany nicknamed `` the rat '' 3 . Tell vile jokes4 . Get dumped for acting like a sadist
My alarm has gone off and the first song I hear ' gon na get no sleep ! ! ! ' Ironic or what ! ! NoSleep
Ca n't see a problem.ironyLuke Foley wants ban on property developers and agents being councillors
Pete Evans says do n't eat chemical laden food but it 's OK to have a chemical laden face going by his botoxed duck pouted friend . sn7
Morony is for the ill-equipped . dwts
In the Apple Store on 5th Avenue ... Somehow the wifi seems to work better than anywhere else today with my iPhone ironic
I do love it when people give me dating advice when they 're single also practicewhatyoupreach banter e4singles
outnumbered Train attacker has rights violated by US and Brit imperialists . Just waiting for the litigation to start !
oh the sweet fecking
And while , ( still ) dont have their own womens team despite their most successful kit . ironic
Stayed up late doing a skillshare on designing your morning routine . ironic
Watching the footie with the lads .
Anyone else find it ironic that this stockmarket plunge was also madeinchina ?
People ca n't be nice to cyclist , they 're too happy . If drivers have to sit in traffic jams , so should they .
The richest hindu org BAPS is maintained by Patel community in Gujrat . The same community which is fighting for OBC status LoL ! : )
Bob Carr : `` Australia has a moral obligation to kill people who we do n't otherwise need to kill ''
Ironic . I 'm the guy that loves to have fun , and I took the fun out of it . Ironic
late for YOVASO meeting because mom got a ticket ... ironic
This One Weird Pic DESTROYS Ayn Rand via taxes pay firefighters government fires community
A drug rehabilitation centre with a sign saying `` keep off the grass ''
Just seen a news item about people drinking too much and it 's made me want a drink Ironic
. sat You 're offended by MuslimDragQueens but your own precious RasulAllah dressed in Aisha ' a clothes . Is it not plain ? irony
Trying to ring to get support with the shit service they provide but ca n't get a signal ironic notpayingbill
HaHa How appropriate for today ’ s market churning… .
At the data center I was at today ... Printed this after new roll was put in , and alarm shut off . ironic
trump slamming someone else for the words they use ?
anti-gov't crank thanks gov't firefighters for saving house ... laments loss of collection mtpol
Haha wow that RT made me laugh😂😂
is lost on the Ignorant
moeller you really need to get that fixed you keep losing your contacts every time I tweet you ? Weird Ironic Staples
When a Secular Country talks in terms of Hindu , Muslim , Sikh , its a death of Communal-ism .
When doctors smoke cigarettes puff puff page ironic
Breaking a nail while opening a bottle of nail polishes has got to be one of the biggest ironies ... GirlProblems nails ironic
A win is a WhiteWashA loss / a fall is BlackMonday / BlackFriday in US PoliticalCorrectness LaughingStock
Omg my classes this semester are quite interesting . toomuchtohandle ironic musclesandmath
Mind the last sentence , frightening indeed refugeecrisis Europe
Nothing like from the hypocritical party ... SharpAsASponge
The most fakest person in calls someone else a fraud ToughEnough
Let 's Just Say This Generation has A Lot of Relationship Problems .
guy at the dispensary just asked me what I wanted to major in and I said criminal justice & amp ; he laughed ironic
Cold called 2day & amp ; asked 2vote for Corbyn Nice that he 's interested in my vote for him but wo n't let us vote for local labour in NI ironic
sevial with the approved hand 😒👍 ironic
Haha bro look at my tweets .
I did n't know you could get hangover shits before drinking for the night . That 'll teach me to hydrate before alcohol.Ironic MiamiLyfe
Jannie Marais did n't want Afrikaans to have a `` lesser place '' than English - Ironic - Luister Openstellies
SB350 combats climate change so `` Chevron , other oil giants are acting as if the end is near . ''
You sir , are not qualified for that assignment EpicFail
really nice day to promote this in twitter blackmonday
But no balls .
Lol I wo n't fart in front of my bf but I can pee with the door open around him . Ironic 😂
ironic our clubs made it to the city you said you were flying us to but never actually did strandedusinhtx
Drove by the Mesa mormon temple today going to an appointment . That area has completely gone to crap . Not a safe area .
AshleyMadison to hackers `` we are also appealing to you to do the right thing '' by Alt via
How ironical is to receive an email confirming you have unsubscribed to a mailing list ? stopthemadness maillist
I know more about how u think through Twitter ironic
Ca n't help but smirk at the reason . Ppl with SUVs are pretty scared of potholes . delhitraffic
That feeling you get when you realize you have four actors/actresess following you out of your 17 total followers .
inspiring niggas to stay in school ironic
Harriet Harman , who proposed to exempt MPs expenses from the Freedom of Information Act , tells us she will weed out 'cheats ' .
. there r 4 lions in the symbol . The fourth pillar could n't see the fourth lion
Did you mention Republic Joe ? Oh yes now I ca n't wait to vote for you ! auspol
Evil Barbie Which is weirdly what your last lay said after fucking you .
- actually got sick the weekend before school ... ironic
`` people have no talent ... '' Perfect metaphor 4 the evolution and of life .
World Looks to China to Calm Market Rout Its Actions Started The of the markets looking for Communist china
hahaha that huge Publix billboard though ...
`` hey can you remove the 'watch your step sign ' from the trolley bus ? People seem to be tripping over it . `` ironic
On FB you can post a pic of your kid and get 100+ likes ( if kid is cute ) but if you post a dick pic you get reported Ironic
THERE IS LITERALLY A BLACK FLY IN MY WHITE CHARDONNAY RIGHT NOW . ironic CC :
lol if i disagree with you I am a fascist
First day of my first ever proper diet and I get this account follow me ... healthkick
Yeah what a great world we live in , ,giving our money to ppl like kylie instead ones in need .
Just been to the Physio ironic NoPainNoGain
ShameOnAitchisonAdmin They talk about merit and when someone is actually following the rules , they turn against the one ..
Saw my first Trump2016 shirt in the wild , do n't think they are hat w/ Union stickers was meant to be ironic smh cantffixstupid
The president who Lois Lerner helped re-elect has labeled Derek Jeter a cheater . Wonder if he thought that through . ItTakesOneToOne Ironic
pub Oh . Okay . Call me a piece of shit . That 's not offensive or could possibly trigger someone ; no way .
Wait ... hold up ... did the Steelers really sign Michael Vick on National Dog day yesterday ?
Jackson was recognized today in front of the school for meeting a 9-week reading goal in 1 week ! He got to choose a prize ... a book .
When your drivers Ed teacher is missing because he got in an accident
I would n't let her hang a 1D poster in our room last year . This just went up in my room . fanfor1month
just saw the javelin finals . They chatting about 2 failed Kenyan tests as the longest throw of the year happens
Was it on ironic
eBook tilled Do n't give your work away for free is avaliable for free on Amazon
Its amazing that a track like this is not on everybodys'playlist and iranu , abasha is ...
Ridicoulus considering my great gandfather escaped from spain to be recived by a nearly broke Chile in 1939
Housework while wearing a shirt that says `` I 'm 99 % sure I 'm a Disney princess '' & lt ; --
truth science ironic could not be said any better
. But those plastic boats & amp ; synthetic-fiber clothing all made out of fossil fuels are fine , right ? meter off-scale
Moved to Vegas to get out of the casino business . ironic
`` troll '' ? coming from someone that sends me multiple tweets ? much ?
The places were you dispose of your rubbish have now been recycled . rubbishbins yarraville…
gun control advocates swarm like vultures on the bodies to push agenda , looks like only gun grabbers are using excuses
I LOVE how the reaction to this story is `` c'mon , you ca n't trust a biased organization . ''
We , as Indians pray to the Goddess 4 times a day , yet we ask for a son when it comes to progeny . feminism
auspol RuddGillardRudd Labor Govt could n't make decision on SSM in 6 yrs , but agitating against LNPs Ppl Plebiscite ScaredMuch
I googled to see why Shockwave Flash keeps crashing . The site I opened to read uses Shockwave Flash so it crashed : /
or a coal fired electrical plant . actually creates MORE `` pollution ''
How ironic is this ? HuffingtonPost , an online based news service , reported that Billboard , a…
Guys Reaction To News That ashleymadison Was Mostly Dudes Talking To Dudes . ironic lmao NumbersNeverL ...
The fastest man in the world got run down by a Segway
Just a tad bit ironic the signed Vick on National Dog Day
Nothing can make you feel impotent quite like your own kids can .
I love a good paradox .
I 'm finding it ironic that a form I am filling in is asking me 5 times in separate locations whether I suffer from irritability - I do NOW
Me & amp ; Banksy . Banksy Dismaland Disney Flazeda Anarchy Art research Journo @ Dismaland -…
The one day in the past five years we are gon na get hit by a hurricane falls on a day that we are already going to be off school ironic
The of life MenLie WomenLie ActionsDont
`` Dr '' Babar Awan was commenting on Fraz in Wasim Badami 's program yesterday 😏😏 .. Khayam
When you forget that you 're an immigrant & amp ; you run for president so you deport all the immigrants . USofImmigrants
EricGarner dies for `` alleged '' cigarettes , SandraBland for `` traffic tickets '' but SeanPenn roams free for `` attempted murder . '' Police
When epting asked me my `` big '' accomplishment for Jesus , I answered that I had been `` faithful '' to my church and family . tryit ironic
That 'll help Jeb a whole bunch .
annnnd tomorrow I take the bus ! mission year forever .
That 's what makes me such a great guy Zambri
I was too hard to deal with He was to weak to deal with me
Reading an article on latest food crusade and this is the advert ! ( ) sigh
Sad when u ca n't punch someone with brass knuckles in the face yet u so desperately want to
Showing at the scientologycelebritycenter fifthelement aliens 👎🏼
kinder so they copy the jargon of leftwing journalism and get called racist ... yet othet media doesnt ?
I 'm sure the name is a satire on the state of Indian roads : ) humour
The punk moneywald copied is the same punk demonizing Syria , which means he supports Saudi backs terrorists
Now GeorgeZimmerman is calling President Obama an `` ignorant baboon . '' & amp ; meanwhile black pots & amp ; kettles are laughing their asses off.Irony
`` How to give good advice about life if you are in pieces . '' Ironic
they are obviously to blame then ! Stop voting for the men if you are unhappy . ironic
& amp ; all its glory . `` every mainstream media liberal journalist wants to ask '' Poor megankelly the truth will out
Happy Facebook anniversary ash5558 🎉🙌🏼😘 Facebook friends husband wife lover gay gayuk…
“ : Do n't Laugh : A book called `` Why am I afraid to tell you who I am '' lol or what lol ” 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂👍brilliant
at its finest ! : )
Moses freed the Israelites from slavery , then talked to God who told him to write laws allowing slavery . So believable . Bible
Wow , so twitter should be segregated ? Well ... wine all you want ... thankfully , it 's not . AllLivesMatter
Did Jim Bob Duggar and ever think about how Nike 's slogan is actually `` Just Do It '' ? The was n't lost on the son.Irony
Haha : ) I 'm sure those are send for your personal amusement only ! ; )
The more the word `` free '' appears on an ingredient list , the more expensive the product . food lessismore
NationalDogDay Michael Vick is signed to the PITtsburgh Steelers !
Many bank employees are in debt . lol
ITS LIKE RAIN ON YOUR WEDDING DAY , it 's a free ride when you 've already paid ! ! ! ! ironic alanismorissette
The electricity is out in the Tesla conference room ironic
hat truth is that youre trying to prove through passion
I find it quite ironic that the most dangerous thing about weed and cigarettes is getting caught with it . justsaying Ironic
🚩I love how the morons are PRETENDING to be outraged over what ChrissieHynde said ...
severely branded , programmed reality RT : ... '' sternness or severity of manner or attitude . ''
I need answers on the Equestrian military . ALAS I HAVE DUTY THAT WEEKEND ! !
Indonesia is where your creative work is rejected in local media , offered and accepted in overseas , then highly recieved in Indonesia
ironyme - you look worrieddev - there is no a rubygem for my problemme - so what ? write your own ruby programdev - are you serious ?
A group of teenagers formed a garage band `` Between the Ryan 's '' with songs about books they 've read . No one in the band is named Ryan .
Nicki Minaj thanks her pastor in the same sentence as throwing shade at Miley . VMAs
if you do n't know when he was born , then how do you know it 's not his birthday ?
we wo n't he will go Justice spokesman or not ⚡️⚡️✊⚡️⚡️
you do realise that the US is the largest polluter per capita in the 1st world , right ?
lol at taylor presenting the vanguard award to kanye VMAs
I wish I could cos I fear the interviewer gon na blv that I will do that in office as well
Says a country who dropped nuclear bomb on Japan twice !
Taylor Swift presenting the award to Kanye West has to be the greatest moment of the evening . ironic VMAs2015
Guy gets on the shuttle in an Alaska shirt and says `` It 's cold ! ''
MSM spend their lives hangin outta helicopters trying to get the scoop . WDBJ hit the jackpot and they wo n't broadcast it .
Is it ironic that I just retweeted that ? ?
The blue amongst the bleak and gloomy ... TroublesomePeople ironic pickaflyeranyflyer royalmile sellsellsell
I really dont understnad people jo angreez banny k chakar may Kutta hi paal lety hain ...
Every smoke break is breaking Don @ Jack 's Goal Line Stand
The referee in the Moseley vs Mayorga CALLED THE FIGHT OFF because it was MAKING PEOPLE LAUGH TOO MUCH ! !
Top 3 causes of deaths in the U.S.1 Cardiac2 Cancer3 In-hospital medical errorsHealthcare could be a MAJOR public health hazard .
And they say that truth is stranger than fiction ...
LGBT : do n't need Caitlyn Jenner 's endorsement ... WeHo got Cher & amp ; Lady Gaga . It 's just too bad what she said .
Hmmm ... Vin 's `` big announcement '' is tonight . Coincidentally , NESN and the Red Sox fired Don Orsillo this week . Hmmm ...
Players and county boards contribute to the problem with appeals when they know they are as `` guilty as sin '' .
`` This place is n't chic ... '' Right when the movie stick .
projectjenlifeinprogress 's photo or , in this case , stone cold hilarity
Just got followed by richkids of Instagram . Think they got the wrong guy . Current situation = ironic ttot
but get enough sleep and rest so you can work.Irony
Does no one notice the similarities between those students killed and the events that happened last year ? ESDLC3
But they have to install those ugly windmills that are bad for your health.renewables
reece and now she 's taking about yawning . ironic
Y does my cat need me to carry her downstairs at 4am when she has 4 paws to do so ironic
Americans debating on guncontrol inside the Country while supplying Weapons 2 the Whole Worldirony
Many crying about The Browns losing Charles Johnson to Minnesota are the same people complaining about Pryor keeping a roster spot .
Some of the folks who consistently exhibit selfishness and bitterness are forever posting religious memes .
Every other commercial during the VMAs is about not smoking ... Miley ; however , says otherwise . comical
Admittedly , the stress of planning and prepping to yank Gallbladder Hulk may be the reason he 's smashing up a storm lately . Ironic
why do n't the `` music '' awards have music to play the douche bags off the stage ? ironic
Well That Escalated Quickly lol funny ironic signs
LOL there 's usually a bit of truth in comedy.irony
This ZIAUDDIN University is Owned by Dr. Asim ... And he has been labelled as a terrorist ! Irony
`` : Amber Rose and Blac Chyna twerked their way to the VMAs tonight while listening to Future :
But did yall catch that `` police '' presenter for the best `` hip hop '' video 👀 .
Almost got run over by the car with the `` black lives matter '' bumper sticker .
Sleepless nights , sleepy days ! Oh the : D.irony entrepreneurStuff
On vacay in D.C. , and it turns out Trump is already taking over the government . IRONIC
So in 8th grade I was the kid receiving the homework to copy ... Now im the kid sending the homework for other people to copy😂 Ironic
is abandoning Tito , AFTER Francona saved his job ? ironic Please take The with you ... please .
Love how new tech outprices everything for SF locals , and then whines cos no one can afford to piss anywhere
At -- Most ironic license plate ? BYU weed 420 funny byu
How it started was I will die without you but now being around you kills me ironic
OliverSacks . WayneDyer . WesCraven . Each got way inside our heads .
Oedipus is going to hunt down the killer as if it was his own father.litttle does he know how right he is . Ironic TheatreSEU
I was just thinking the same thing . ironic
Reservation issue . Family drama murder . Some religious festivals . I do n't care - I have unlimited internet .
Without crime the Police and Jails and Criminal Courts would n't be needed . So those entities need crime to exist . perversion
I could have used this photo on my story about flat tires this week michiganradio
Yesterday I predicted Chelsea will win league , today Crystal Palace kick their ass .
How many people have crashed trying to recreate toms driving tweets from parks n recs ? ironic
was the misspelling intentional ? lol
Recorded Ironic on SingSnap karaoke youareamazing
Love this . Should have just shut your mouth and none ofbthis would have a happened
It 's a beautiful night to watch `` The Virgin Suicides '' with the dead . cinespia movienight…
“ : The Illusion of Choice : 90 % of US Media Controlled by 6 Corporations I saw this on Twitter .
OMG ! I ca n't believe you 're more bitchy than me ! 😱😵 😂😂😂
Mmmm businessy stuff theyaresquare but werenot boom ironic
I got food poisoning from a salad wholefoods ironic
LA your is exhausting sometimes . hollywood crossroadsoftheworld losangeles ironic
Churchill or Robusto or Rothschild ? Big decision for in PalmSprings ! sizematters
In retrospect Washington 's lucky Shanahan drafted Cousins.Irony
A bully always makes sure 2 obfuscate and even praise their victim so as to create a cover just in case of questions Ironic
`` Guess which number is larger ! '' signed integer overflows to negative
Muddy , wet but calm & amp ; quite fun takedown at greenbelt . Headed to jesusarms for a pint . Hedonism was off .
The girls that practically beg for dick tend to be the most judgmental ironic
Only the veterans will get this . But for young rappers , if you ONLY want to rap . You probably should n't be a rapper .
I do n't even know ur name
its amazing that someone who made so many movies about people dying has now himself died WesCraven
Giants mad about a pitch but was cool during that balk last night that would 've let us go to bed earlier last night lol
Guess I 'm late to the news . But the Hartford Yardgoats ? Really ? Maybe they hope to sell lots of ironic shirts . whatweretheythinking
This morning , as I blissfully overslept & amp ; my wife yelled the hell out to wake me up , I wondered why does Wife even rhyme with Life ?
First transfer deadline day that does n't finish at midnight is the first one that sends me to sleep ! boring transferdeadlineday
photo for your next `` wheels for netapp falling off '' article Mellor : )
This day just gets better and better
Sube I guess the same type of funny that comes from a violent group saying the police are violent and dangerous .
And yet you seek to become a member of the Washington establishment by running for POTUS ? or Hypocrisy ? You decide
PeterKing What about RG3 to St. Louis ?
opponent said I was mean to tell him he drew well , proceeded to message me after the match and talk about how awesome their deck was ironic
watching Markets in Turmoil and getting a buy signal on the /ES at the same time
Fed up with SkyDeadlineDay switch over to BBC1 to watch Flog It followed by Pointless
Sometimes u miss ppl u barely knew more than someone u knew 4 ages ! ! Ironic
£35 Million for Alexis , £35Million for Martial ? OUCH ! Some people laugh at clubs wasting money then beg Arsenal to do the same !
I can just hear the complaints to 2moro . It was a fuckin disgrace the language Joe . recruits - a fuckin disgrace
Sperm donor anonymity removed as a result of ECHR , fewer humans created as a result .
OFF-THE-GRID ( ish ) || 🛀🏼 🛀🏼 🛀🏼 || Repost || OTG Ironic Whit BubbleBath HappyPlace
Yes , that 's right ! How could we have forgotten Labor Day in all our discussion about jobs ? !
Painting blue skies and tsunami oceans heat @ Edinburgh Gardens , Austin , Texas
Such that conservative Christians ca n't see the parallels between there fundamentalism and Islamists
xfactor ritaora Rita to of all people Cheryl ; `` Do you think people do n't actually know that they ca n't sing ? '' 😂
is when u develop a job portal as ur Final year project .. and u and ur group fellows are still jobless.ironic OnlineJobShop EAST
Kanyes work out plan !
29 % of voters believe was born in US . 40 % of GOP voters believe was . Murica FacePalm
is n't it ironic do n't ya think ? haircutonfleek 💈
Fred Jackson lead the Bills in rushing last couple seasons , they sign Shady McCoy and now he 's cut .
I 'm someone who believes in collectivism & amp ; democratic process yet I 'm a homeowner & amp ; systems administrator/designer/enforcer…
Hey it 's kinda funny that Kyle Kendrick and Shelby Miller almost have the same record ... Also kind of sad . Lol . rockies braves
The best way to feel better after legday is to do some more squats okay then
Take that dick-tionary ! You do n't know shit truewordmeamings words dictionary anotherbloodyscienceblog
On you can see `` No panic signings , says Van Gaal '' and then `` Man Utd set to sign Martial for £36m '' right beside it . MUFC
Handfasting cord completed ! Each of the 13 colors have special meaning.weddingcraft wedding lol
should I tag just to be that `` one guy '' who tags someone when they kinda mention the company and/or etc ? ?
🌸Current Mood🌸CurrentMood Mood LilyAllen LittlestThings LoveRosie Music Indie Ironic Tumblr…
Poetry tale ironynightpoetry darkrealmsblindspot-AtLast-
`` Seriously , a show about aliens invading the U.S. ? Who watches this crap ? '' -me , right after watching BachelorInParadise OYOU
and the Harry money / the cup runs , plus we got more for Curry than was reported at the time disgrace sufc
I could ask myself why I am loading the dishwasher while Joe is reading Andrea Dworkin .
Being so tired that you ca n't sleep.irony sleep insomnia
But Dr. these were made to protect the heart ! iluvribz
Wonder how 's the players motivation rite now . Knowing how we started the season , AW hopes an uninspiring transfer can inspire them ? ironic
`` Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards '' Aldous Huxley ironic
are they taking the piss having cloke in the TAC add ? Has n't he repeatedly lost his license ? ironic
Not all those who wander are lost ... Like here I can see my parents up ahead of me 😂irony proverb…
Cruz 's Dad Has Some Words For The Birthers : You 're Wrong About My Son Karma Hypocrite .
Just now in my Twitter feed
I wonder why most people keep on dreaming Financial Freedom yet always refuses to learn Financial Literacy . ironic
In fact , themes in StarWars trilogy at odds w/ a big corporation steamrolling in & amp ; denigrating a UNESCO heritage site 2/3
Nowt like a mobile mast to ruin a view ironic sentfromamobile
I am back home at wycombe . Reunited with my laptop after a month of it being broken and a second month of me being in Scotland . bae
is watching someone drove down the streets of San Francisco in a Prius blowing cigarette smoke into the air notgreen prius 🌺
When you ca n't make an appt at the genius bar to fix your keypad bc you ca n't type in the pw to make the appt . ironic
Just choked on a Life Saver ironic
gets the attack lines in early . given the hug a husky/green crap continuum Dave is trapped in .
Ppl who did n't get a cab today because of the strike rode Uber and Ola . Wondering what 's the motive here
Google 's new logo is a white hand erasing history then rewriting it . ironic
Does anyone get the Ironic point ?
Muslims cry out against `` guilty till proven innocent ' treatment ... only to do the same to Muslims when given a chance ! IronyTwistedFaith
Interesting choice of words 'fair is fair ' when describing someone 's punishment for cheating . 2ndOffense
I retweeted this with a ( sarcastic ) RollTide . Within 5 minutes , it was favorited by a 'Bama fan .
... and drive us towards Mumbai and ! irony
I 'd visit the page but it wont load
Mosby the PS has attracted increase interest in federal Indian policy , but `` treatment by scholars has not been comprehensive ''
Used at Saturday . Stupid simple to use . Had trouble closing out though . Did it the oldfashion way .
Power goes out in the Engineering Building . Hmmm . ironic
. ashman but maybe not . I think the piece is very biased
Niggaz hate on McDonald 's when they was just Lovin It
What if the social media around survivephd15 is too distracting it actually makes me fail my PhD
The is that Dave 's pub is on School Road ! ! But bans kids ! !
PeterKing brady punished for not cooperating an NFL punished for not cooperating with Brady ! NFL deflategate
Ordered pizza and got a 2-liter . classof2015 2015graduate
Rutherford1 You do n't know what you 're missing . Am laughing at your dirty hands profile picture . ironic
lovewins but someone 's a hater .
some people are straight europhile utopian zombies get over it ! jocular humuor tease ; - )
: `` They strip me from defending myself . I offer to hear their thoughts . No takers . Irony ''
weer in a tent enduring biblical rain storms as we discuss big data for climate and weather applications nlesc
A film about a man standing up to the NFL , wont stand up to the NFL
the Leo not to mention she 's been married 4 times ! ! What does religion say about that ? ?
Right wing hatred of Hillary , a moderate , may lead to the nomination and ultimate victory of Sanders , a socialist . bernie
been crucified . I told her that he would have been killed by the same group - the religious folks .
'Little JohnHe 's has goneOut to see the world aloneStaff and hatLook at thatHe 's one happy catBut his Mommy cries a lot ... 'irony
Just about everything in NPRM should be subject to ongoing evaluation to determine effects , but alas ... meta
died thousand deaths
IronyCondom ads provoke for Rape , while agarbatti ads wont provoke for prayers .. only in India ...
Will proudly slap the DP of `` home girl '' while claiming the crown of faminista 's , definitely needs a revolt
Overheard today : I have been married 4 times because I really believe in marriage
`` The History Shall Never Be Forgotten '' , eh ? RT
When will we learn the importance of it all ..... Chelsea ties up with Wipro in digital , fan engagement drive
Awkward Bumped into the tramp at the office park cafeteria , that my ex ex boyfriend cheated on me with . On 'our ' dog 's birthday .
last text i received before i broke my phone was from my mom saying `` stay in touch '' WORST
nice job frank . Read this while waiting for my 87 to bump up a little higher so I can go run 8 ... ironic
OF LIFE ! ( strange but true ... ) 1 . The lawyer hopes you get in trouble2 . The doctor hopes you get sick3 ....
The devil is feared more in the church
My local fire station is finally being demolished . A year after it was gutted by a fire ! Ironic
The hypocrisy of KimDavis and her ilk is ruining my faith in bigots . IlkIsADumbWord
Thank you for that report , that quote was just flat out insane . I appreciate but man , that one hurt .
You know , for someone who produces porn for a living , you sure do come off as a little too judgemental .
Ladies First but Ladies never text first 😆Irony 😂😝
So funny to me when I see `` unfollow ... '' & amp ; `` block this person '' on TWITTER ironic
Getting the train on CycleToWorkDay ironic
You think Spurrier is happy finding another running back ? runtheball
but you tolerate a genocide of a ppl . ironic
There is a fire sale on Dalal Street with a 20 % discount & amp ; all shoppers are running away 4 their lives .
encouraging , well that 's my kind of fangirling 😉😉 Bet the EndlessRewatch was `` awful ''
Q to panel . `` Adopt a Framework like HITRUST '' . Why not ISO27001 ? Is n't there an Anthem director on HITRUST board ? HIPAASecurity
Friend found a receipt for a keg in his professional responsibility book ironic
Yall would tweet all the shit Yall hate about a girl ..... But basically trynna describe the girl Yall bf love 😳
Neon trees , neon lights
Always something that stems from nothing .
Me at the moment .
The slave becomes the leader Culture perception
Mother and her friend discussing life ... H mother ironic beautyfromwithin innerpeace…
Single author paper finds collaborators get more citations
She 's a stripper . Sure seems like she depends on a man to come in and throw dollars at her.Irony
Help yourself by helping others
: The is DIVORCE actually IS a threat to marriage & amp ; Jesus SPECIFICALLY condemned it ( NEITHER true of gaymarriage , KimDavis )
Humor and a lot of in MatthewMurray 's new photobook
New production of CATS starring Jesus and his disciplesMaryMagdaleneIsGrizelda JesusIsMrMistoffelees
Why is this country called the United States when you ca n't even get the political parties to unite ? oxymoron
Labour out of their wormholes to take a pop at Cameron 's migrant policy.The same reason they lost the last general election to him.Irony
have this stuck in my head while I 'm working away ..
3 min into his Milan debut mariobalotelli rogersout lfc
of life : the lawyer hopes you get into trouble , the doctor hopes you get sick , the police hopes you… —
A $ trys to end bullying how ironic is that they continue to bully and exploit the autistic community AutismUnity
Good thing I bought that FreeBrady t-shirt this weekend GoPats
`` Do they understand really what happened in the Gold Cup ? Some of them absolutely do and a lot of people don ’ t . ''
So people can get paid for refusing to work because they want to be paid more . trainstrike
I ca n't wait for Kim Davis to come out of jail and apply for a marriage license with her cell mate . KimDavis Kentucky PrisonBitch
Getting tattooed today . I 'm scared momma ! Tattoos hurt . People who get them are so stupid . Why am I doing this ?
Why is anybody listening to Snowden ?
. , & amp ; other establishment GOP should stop selling out America .
ooooh that immigrant looks violent ! ...
asked me to update my email preferences but I 'm getting a server error . Then again my site is currently busted ...
Cough , fever and headache .. Blessed
Sam on the job sorting an amazing array of fluoro Mapp socks on the map
Looks like this one was hit by an Avalanche instead of an iceberg . LikeARock NeverLetGo
I 'm genuinely putting off reading a book that mum wants me to read on procrastination . Cliché but true .
I 'm saying this because I love you , you are an uneducated dumb fuck . And i hope my hurtful words make you smarter
this coming from someone who believes in a god invented 2000 years ago to scare morals into you .
Good for him . All the death threats against him and his family exhibit the stupidity of the public . ironic
We live in a society where most of the cars that we drive costs more or less 40k , but the handbags are 15k a piece . Ironic Materialism
😂😂😂😂 . Tried not to laugh .
`` Fast in My Car '' started playing while I 'm stuck in standstill traffic .
Talksport commentator reels off the Georgia team news no problem then stutters on `` Matt Richie ''
A commercial for your show was just followed by a commercial for HotPockets ! 👌🏻 perfection jimgaffiganshow tvland
Really should n't have made zombie jokes yesterday . Zero sleep last night . Pretty much zombie-state now .
Calm down sweet heart no matter who u r.End of the day u r available at 35 paise per entry in some random data base
In 2001 our military goes to war to protect the American Way , when they return home in 2008 , our country has a Socialist as president
I just read a book about how it 's wrong to kill trees Oh the cruel
GLAAD gives first 'excellent ' score to major TV network
Just when I was talking shit , I got my shit 😂
An Ironic Situation SocratesTenured
game . Jays & amp ; Justin ca n't Wynne . pardonthepun
Dismaland : Banksy 's take on the theme park phenomenon . Utterly awesome . art socialcomment streetart ironic
Hoping Everyone Enjoys their LaborDayWeekend what ever that is and I do get that means Working for many & amp ; that is Ironic LaborDay enjoy
Now he must be posting pictures of his ipad in ebay via his ipad to buy a new kidney.irony
Arab 'Chinese ' confederate flag jewelry sponsored by Spongebob and Patrick growinguparab murica
I still ca n't believe he actually said that . Kills me every time I see it .
Happy Labor Day ! Go celebrate the working man by ... not working ... LaborDay
Putin builds base in Syria to defeat ISIS , while Obama abandons bases in Iraq that only helps ISIS holland
pinkdemilovato ironic as I watched DemiLovato VMAs performance of COOLFORTHESUMMER I said to myself Pink should 've recorded this song
Hundreds of players are losing their jobs on Labor Day Weekend . NFL
Made me lol today . Hamilton charityshop guidedogs nodogsallowed
My new strategy.Fact TrueStory Quotes Life Wisdom JustSaying Karma Ironic Strategy
4CornersThe racist ranters who are so much a part of this Federal governments cheer squad are now potentially damaging economy .. irony
Chhota Johnny was n't a small guy ! XP DareToAct
does n't that make thier journalism shoddy ?
Photo : Shared by .
At the doctors waiting to be seen and George Ezra 's 'What you waiting for ' plays on the radio . I 'm waiting for the doctor , George ! ironic
Gun banners dont understand the stupidity of this article . ironic
Dear what is it like to think you know everything , but not know that everyone hates you ?
Dinos sittin ' pretty with a 42-16 lead late in the 4th . UBC on the opposite end of this score from last week DinosKICKOFF CWfball
Some ironic for a funny home ! Only on design smoking cigarettes crowdfunding ashtray
Just watched a fitness commercial on the tv at Cici 's .
from here on , vyapam inspired RSS fights graft , RSS inspired Modi ensures unity RSSMeetsBJP died 1000 times
Waiting at haircut salon , noticed woman breastfeeding baby which is awesome . Leaving I saw her outside smoking cigarette . healthy
Tottttttallllly got outta sunday path class like THANK YOU GOD . ironic istillloveyougod justnotsundayclassplis
Home skooler with `` survivalist curriculum '' calls others clueless . LMAO
Kremlin funding `` foreign agents '' in Baltic states while fighting them at home .
Preaching about Sabbath on one of my busiest Sunday 's of the year !
I 've been to more Kiddy Soft Plays than you 've been Gigs .. justsaying irock cries
I see people paying respect and tributes to Manjhi n Nawaz by watching it on laptops .. n those ppl pay to watch HNY in theater
Not to mention .... the majority of my spanish class is Mexicans .... ironic ?
I think Liberal politicians need to start thinking before speaking | LiberalLogic Democrats |tcot ccot
propper
that was a joke .
Congress claiming credit for OROP is like pakistan claiming credit for killing osama OROPDelivered ironic ai n't it right ?
`` Hallucinating 1 night '' sounds like Mohameed 's story . Oh the
does n't have to deflate his balls protestantsrheretics logosmeanslogic
MadeInAmerica was one of the best experiences of my life . I 've never been to an actual concert w the lights & amp ; stuff lol Ironic
Army Men in India do n't get the respect such as in other countries like US & amp ; UK.They are real Hero.Irony
Funny how has her birthday on WorldBeardDay .
What a contrasting combo ! pia Pakistan
Bikers being all healthy and eco friendly n shit gettin in my way pissing me off smh
I ca n't even tell if this is ironic or not
Edgewood wins 61st straight . Defeats Glenwood 61-0 Fever12
Sitting in a bell store and have next to no service ironic
Is it possible your tweet further validates the conservative Christians stance ? It 's kinda persecute-y .
Autocorrect causes more typos than it corrects .
Hugsky sighs my comment about and edit button needs an edit ...
Uni yet homework us guven and completed online oh the
Vinnie Jones claims immigration has made England unrecognisable and will never return .
happy TeachersDay via
Does n't want to be an Australian , but she 's called Sheila ironic qanda auspol

In the boozer with the usual crowd , unusual band playing , me mate jumps up and takes over resulting in a great cover of The Courteers x
it 's paedo not peado .
I had just never heard of it & amp ; everything in pamphlet read as given the SoylentGreen allusion .
chillin man , now that Labor Day is over , back to the grind lol
Pakistan is also celebrating victory of 1965 war.Irony Joke India Truth History PPP PMLN PTI MQM ANP 6thSeptember
Condolences 2 Martin Milner family & amp ; loved ones . Just saw him on `` Columbo '' very night he died - Jack Cassidy 's character killed him .
. crosby 100 hours later and he decides to change it up with an
The of awareness campaigns - The Baytown Sun
trust Netanyahu with nukes ?
That 's strange . Shockwave never crashes . whatISshockwaveanyway
It 's time to let go of people who are not worth to be held on . life people who meant something mean nothing anymore .
The fear of the unknown , but when the unknown becomes known it becomes fear ironic
Started PT for knee problems today . First , this happened , then they diagnosed me with `` Movie Goes Syndrome . ''
1st tweet I see this morn is sky news re the fire on the British Airways plane . 2nd tweet from BA offering discounts !
Too many places for a state that sent more of their boys per capita than any other in the union . confederateflag
oh the article about page load optimization not able to load the video .
My Labor Day has consisted of nothing but work . ironic
Eating left over bagel from Uber Bagels called the `` Late Riser '' on my 4am drive home from Labor Day weekend celebration . ironic OCMD
A Muslim girl called Sabbath . Did I really hear right ? Ironic
People all over the world killing each other because they disagree on what happens when u die LOL backward humanity religion
“ : Two Britons killed in RAF Syria strike Irony ! I love it !
You got to lose yourself to get to where you wannabe
I had never been to Walmart until I went to Burning Man . decommodification
We are Mango-people striving for Apple iPhone in Banana Republic . sorry
Irony : watching a movie on a laptop in a movie theater parking lot while waiting for a tow truck . ijustwanttogotobed laborday
Worked a 13h shift on labour day ironic
is drawing trees on paper .
Satellite denier tweeting nonsense about pancakes and statues has the temerity to call others `` whackjobs '' . Facepalm
Melbourne experienced the definition of today . Tooted by a taxi driver for `` bad '' driving
Bulletin Magazine in 1968 predicting the future ! ironic outdoors outfit swimming danbilzerian…
it 's just me who thinks that 's ironic to pay for a budgeting app ? budget
You have to smile do n't you - England fast bowler caught for going too fast ChinUp 🚙 🚓🚓🚓🚓🚓🚓🚓🚓
The notebook is so nice that I do n't feel like writing a thing to spoil it .
Hope everyone is having a great LaborDay2015 , I 'm laboring on Labor Day . That 's the whole idea right ? ironic
It 's funny how karma can bite ironic you wo n't be talking shit now wo n't you ?
Funny thing abt crowd , if they were another color , ppl was be screaming GET A JOB ! ironic
The ! A christian who believes in fairytales saying evolution is one ! `` Stupid is as stupid does ! ''
My phone auto correct suggests 'union ' when I type 'ukip '
Just noticed there 's someone wearing a Lost Prophets t shirt in the Muse video for New Born ....
This seems like the perfect time to tell you that I have a premature ejaculation problem .
I watch a `` Christian '' movie and spend the entire time going `` I do n't know anyone like this ? Is this how non-Christians look at us ?
unfortunately no traffic enforcer in sight . baka natrafik din . ironic
ooooooooOooooOooh so she is ok to have sex with but not a relationship ! Haha JP your the worst shit she 's been with ! MICLA ironic
Anyone forget to turn off their alarm for today ? It happened to me . Could 've slept in on Labor Day ... the
The last three British PMs married for money or connections . Says it all about Britain really .
Outside at Pier 59 . Chillin in the heat ... ironic NYC
The Queen only has 1.2m followers on Twitter Ironic longestreign
Eating `` goodbye '' cake today . ironic
Define : The USA lecturing Europe on their immigration problems
While having a job brings you money , it takes away all the time you had to spend it . The of it , the irony !
Almighty President Hollande : `` I looked at the History of France and I told her ... Rise and lead the world ! ''
We all understand that interpretation is the true literal definition of `` trickle down economics '' ?
I ca n't escape the irony !
I have 2 friends that got married yesterday and they use to date in college oh they married other ppl tho ironic
So , I spent my entire Labor Day applying for jobs ...
You won from LA ! Congratulations ! jaymohrsports THTC Called your shot !
Scene of Jeremy Clarkson 's Top Gear-ending punch hits market , maybe invest some of Amazon £s ironic
Lipstick has 2 meanings , stick because of it 's shape and also it sticks to your lips . 😗 mindblown ironic makeup
cant count on other ppl for a thing but they expect you to be there for them .
When I have to sleep early Im not sleepy . Daaaaaarn ! Ironic
My dad , always screaming at me to do things as he lounges on the couch .
Ummm ... Gazzilionare Donald Trump busting Jeb Bush 4 taking a well-paying job ? tcot
This had me laughing for good ten minutes :
So look who 's gon na talk about transparency .... 😁
Now playing AlanisMorissette - Ironic on
Just imagine if VaTech beats Ohio State w/ their backup . ironic
I recently understood cowards are cowards because they 're liars . What a heavy burden , poor life . I feel so much for you all . ; ' ( ( Irony
The reason I fly Full Service is because I can not afford ₹150 ka Black coffee and ₹200 ka Instant Dal Chawal . AviationIndia AvGeek
The fact that this was playing in my living room today GoodbyeBlueSky
Trained to loot govern ! Unfortunate
Have n't seen my glasses in hours . How do you find your glasses when you need glasses ? dilemma catch22 amwriting
Labor Day : a celebration of the American worker , so much so we offer extended hours for them to work at retail outlets & amp ; restaurants .
Social mediums complaining that Pauline Hanson is n't relevant in 2015 Australia ... Tweets result in her trending in Australia
why Europe ? Why not Qatar ?
The only Apple news I 'm seeing is people complaining about seeing Apple news .
Just got asked this today ! Always prepared to answer honestly and hopefully helpfully .
Apparently taxis are striking to protest Uber , I know because I needed one this afternoon but had to get an Uber instead .
, gives relationship advice when i 'm actually single .
Spot the 1984 ThoughtPolice
😕Government talks about removing the caste system but u r required to mention ur caste on every damn form you fill.irony India
Small fire from the construction of the stupid frozen ride . No injuries thank goodness . revengeofthetrolls
Why dont Aljazeera speak for Balochistan genocide by pakarmy ? double standard AljazeeraSpeaksForKashmir
Wait ... What ? ! 😳🙈👉🏽 AppleEvent iPadPro ApplePencil Lol
Religious tolerance concert banned from Nelson Cathedral due to Islamic content
Nats chose final countdown for name that tune . ironic poorchoice really shouldIgohomenow
`` He shattered her heart so she shattered his skull '' - Favorite analytical quote from English class . lambtotheslaughter
SEO is so important even is hiring an SEO Expert ... What ? ! seo internetmarketing
When he had powers he did nothing for Afghans neither said anything now he has nothing n saying everything ... Irony
British sunglasses - sounds a bit ironic 😊
Oh the 🐞🐝🐜
What is PrivDog ? Faster/Safer/Private browsing . Consumers win , Publishers win , Advertisers win ironic
Panthers fans aghast Patriots may have cheated in the Super Bowl when the Panthers offensive line was on steroids during that season .
Got a piece of toothpick stuck in my tooth .
just a pity it 's not a great experience accessing from a smartphone ironic
I am now officially subscribing to , which I have n't done since I was 17 stillexcited goraymond
Report : STUDIOS ' Split Over CIVILWAR Budget & amp ; Restrictive Demands
Its ad free listening on Pandora all day . EXCEPT for the ad that plays to tell you its ad free .
Avengers and shawarma 🙌 MovieNight AOU
I have a black tie ball tomorrow night but ca n't find a bowtie . I used to run my own bowtie business . No , seriously
The Quran is Based Over 23 Years ironic
love you x ironic loveisyou
Annnnnddd .... we registered & amp ; there 's a cross country meet that day that the kid ca n't miss .
`` Show me the Bond movies with Sean Connery in it '' - let 's see AppleTv recognize a Scottish accent Bond Applelive
Yet Saudi , Iran and Syria have no issues Russia , they collaborate .
my fault , tried to avoid traffic by driving at this time of night .
Its only when you listen that you trully speaking
There 's a Visa booth here at expo , but UT still wo n't let us pay with Visa ! !
Incorrectly quoting Simpsons , that 's a battering Simpsons paddlin
Exposed Is this the type of home and home you were talking about ? OSU canceling quality OOC games . ironic
. says ironic , as blocks him . His view on blocking me ? Wo n't say . More
in math class and someone broke the door handle the funny part is the fact we are studying work and force
, who works for , claims the N London crowd has `` sense of exclusive understanding of the nation 's ills ''
REM just got more attention for attacking Trump than they 've had in the past decade . EndOfTheWorld tcot IndieRock
`` Who needs a stylus ? '' - Steve Jobs discussing iPhone Launch . `` Who needs a Keyboard ? '' - Steve Jobs discussing Launch of iPad . ironic
India 😕Everything that is run by the government looks very bad except government jobs .
I thought maybe they would show 10 year-old Motti choking on a pretzel , Anakin gives him Heimlich
Bad analogy for so many reasons . kimdavis is more comparable to a nazi bureaucrat via
Ever wondered why they never actually teach how to learn in schools ? ?
Please let Apple announce their new iPad Pro with with a kickstand ! SurfaceProClone
Tru ... RT : I 'm order to be strong you have to be strong .
Now that have a little money ... Broke people intimidate me . I always think you want what I got ... Ironic
Whitney If he were black you 'd use the ironic
A little bit late / slow .
When liberals support both BlackLivesMatter AND PlannedParenthood.wtf ?
Got done leading the office increase productivity with organization development seminar just in time to watch the apple event . blest
In the picture of the outers EU the UK looks set to jump out not just Europe but off the planet altogether
after finally watching TrainwreckMovie woke up confused from a dream of cooking breakfast 4 while listening to ironic
$ AAPL is becoming more like $ MSFT ... while $ MSFT is trying to be more like $ AAPL
Catching an overwhelming scent of bacon as I walk towards the back door or police HQ
669 lowkey my homies favorite drink too Ironic 😎
Tales from the inbox .
Cricket : Let ’ s become the world beaters , India - ...
God the only class I 'm having remotely any trouble with right now is my stress management class . ironic ihatethisstupiduselessassclass
And he graduated and disappeared . But now I see him at kristians ceremony and realize he ' a a 4th yr PT student dying ironic
Homeopaths take full strength hallucinogens homeopathy
The revival of DeAngelo ... Funny he 's ballin w Mr. 6 TDs himself Big Ben .
Beef ban is fine , non-veg ban is unethical . Ironic
Joshua Kiryu makes me a better person twewy joshuakiryu
sad unless there 's a WeMoved sign I did n't see
Ca n't stand people who complain .
A small fire broke out in the construction area of the new “ Frozen ” attraction at Epcot ’ s Norway Pavilion . ironic
Which is why she SHOULD be using the model I guess ... 😕😐😳
A Mexican bartender , in an Irish bar in NYC , to English guests who left no tip : `` you need to go back to where you came from ! '' ironic perf
sad unless there 's a WeMoved sign I did n't see @ WM B Sullivan Realty & amp ;
New nomad magenta in The picnicskateshop @ Picnic Genuine Skateshop
If you 're keeping score- GERMANY and AUSTRIA are taking in brown skinned refugees . America , land of immigrants , is bitching about it .
I do n't think we 're supposed to get that .
Jain people do n't allow non-veg families by a party who do n't allow UP bihari in state . Ironic
. is promoting itself on Twitter , but has no time to respond to queries about the services/benefits they offer .
Dutch reality tv show Superstreamme about lack of privacy quits because of lack of privacy .
Then you must not be really autistic . FilmDis
canvases knock on door asking for donations 30minutes later sat on street corner smoking . ironic
Tonight 's highlight was watching a fat man wear a flash t-shirt ironic
Hillary Clinton stage backdrop collapses , sending US flag tumbling via
Radical Utopia RT : - Nothing like using capitalistic advertising to spread communist dezinformatsia ; )
Homeless people in US r 3.5million and number of houses vacant r 18.6 million
I love how KimDavis supporters are calling out SCOTUS for `` judicial tyranny '' as if her time as clerk was not at all tyrannical .
it 's funni bc eighteen sounds like `` a teen '' but I 'm actually an adult now ironic
I never eat the chicken in chicken noodle soup , I 'm in it for the carrots and celery .
Creationists Protip - Telling us all how poor science is on a semiconductor based device ? fail
Crazy that I 'm at ATTField and do n't have any signal
Switzerland people will be busy congratulating Hingis n we Indians busy in congratulating Leander .
Round 4 : Bayless tells Berto to `` Watch the shoulder . '' What forearm pushing from Floyd ? Boxing MayweatherBerto
Thank you for being part of my life - you have always cared for me , even when I was careless for you ! Irony
Inspired casting , you talking about tackling ...
with such a thing as assisted living its only fitting AZ has a city that has AssistedDying especially on suicide awareness week
Listening to Australians complain about immigration refugeecrisis immigrationaction
`` What 's the outline , fam ? I 've been SO loyal ... ''
Ironic They 're playing UptonFunk Park after that throw home Padres SF
Just passing the Ritz and rounding the corner by the Caviar House - that 's just asking for an
Seahawks should 've passed 😂
Being a Christian in the Bible Belt is one of the most difficult things I 've ever done . Ironic
( excuse the of using them in this tweet )
Quaid-i-Azam got sideline news in his very own paper com on his death anniversary . SaluteToQuaideAzam
Look ! Ethics ! Journalisomething ! irony
spent all of my youth hating study , now all I want to do is learn more Ironic
a piece on sexism , and Eamonn shushes his wife twice , with his hand up in front of her face ! thismorning
is t his son running to be the president of the UNITED States of America ? ironic
Says the guy who went to Hickory 's for dinner last night
according to Mathew Staver , God accepted Davis for who she is ... yet SHE is allowed to stop gay ppl from being who THEY are ?
Corbyn wins the election and I 'm celebrating in a private car courtesy of a tutoring job ashamed champagnesocialism feelingweird
Hahahaha ... and he made fun of Annabelle for throwing up ! MurderPact
`` : Vegetarians are more likely to enjoy giving oral sex . ''
your emphasis on context is the height of Officer
Picture of the new Labour leader 😈
Looks like the car ca n't be fixed .
Im a thin obese . Based on my body scan , in my 20,7bmi ( in shape ) I have 33 % body fat ( obese ) .
you spelt chief wrong
Why is it that so many grandchildren of immigrants forget their ancestors ' struggles ... & amp ; become haters ? Despicable TurninginGraves
The signal is better here when it rains Ironic
It takes sadness to know what happiness is , a noise to appreciate silence and absence to value presence.ironic life ( @ My Halfway Home ...
ironic cdnpoli elxn42October 19 - Black Monday 1987 cdnecdev GDP recession
Typing on computers to look professional has made my hand writing look unprofessional ironic
LOL Brett Bielema whining about buckeyes schedule being too easy . Maybe they should schedule toledo more often eh brett ? ? : - )
So last week acer gave us a big jar of fudge , this week they give us a pedometer . ironic healthy…
I have a prius and apparently u can jump from the main battery . Except my trunk is locked and i ca n't unlock it w/o power .
ironic calling a whore ! ! ! CBB CBBFarrah CBBNatasha here is a little reminder why 😂😂😂
It 's crazy in 1 week I learned about my moms injury in kinesiology then in math learned about car totaled equity
Slept too much . Drank too little .
if you beg to be followed than you 've lost your way . MMMM love that line ! followforfollow jokes
Me which they could have gotten the idea from 007 perfect dark or hollywood ..
I feel this way and I 'm a club DJ . 😓 RT : I do n't even get excited to party anymore . I 'd rather stay in most nights
Ca n't say the report indicates a display of great intelligence on the part of the Thai military . : /
and the crane was owned by Bin Laden Construction .
hemlock is in the shower and 's clean is playing ironic ashleyssingingalong itsbad
Hahahah ! OMG I actually want the hat ! Ironic WhatEvs Love Peace SuckItBitch
also a degree of that the American people look likely to fall for the biggest scam of all .... HIM !
End Is Near ! Hillary Clinton stage backdrop collapses , sending US flag tumbling ironic
Play players out of position.i said Rogers will regret changing philosophy . Defence he ca n't do but he 's being defensive to save job
And now the world knows , lynch would n't have scored to win the super bowl ! ironic
Is Alanis Morissette paying attention ? Cat Burglar koin6news
All the anti-refugee posts on my Facebook feed are from retirees . You know , the ones living off free money from the government . ironic
does he own the rights or did he sell them ?
`` It 's only when we do n't try to be 'perfect ' that we are~ '' amwritingironynosuchthing
Yes do tell ? , The consensus is Malcom Turnbull PM and ousting a first term PM is suddenly ok again
Does anyone else see the in this ? Giving EU Citizens Privacy Rights in the US that US Citizens do not have .
Many conservative voters are very unhappy with PM TBull will now be voting Greens at the next election auspol
sometimes u have to forgive someone for something someone wo n't forgive u for . life RealityWithjaymils
I find it hilarious that I left GameStop and am still working tonight til 1am on a launch date.Dat overtime though . yaymoney
Namma Canara Bank ostentatiously celebrates hindi throughout Sep in Karnataka but puts the shutters down & amp ; enjoys holiday on Nov 1st
So after 3 years on the food committee the boarding food has finally 'vastly improved ' however this is sadly a term too late for me ! ironic
BIC 's campaign to save handwriting - is launched online handwriting
- Anti-Piracy Ad Creators Fined For Stealing Musician 's Work
Omg I 'm at Target and I just put lotion in my basket ! Lol ! Wait til I tell the girl in my dungeon about this ! HorrorCharacterTweets
Fire and burn risk ... from a faucet ...
And why do the seriously skinny haunt the gym paradox cruel
you should consider the source RHOC
Someone trolling youtube wants to call you out for being lazy 😂 ironic You 're brilliant , bud . Mean people suck .
Teacher = 1 % chance of being done by a robot . ironic considering the mechanisation of education .
Constructing a presentation explaining how Linux is better than Windows using Microsoft Office . sabotage insidejob justlike911
I 'm lying on a sofa bed , and I just ca n't sleep ! Oh the
I 'm winning two of leagues because of Julio Jones and I 'm losing one of league because of him .
Four years ago today on Facebook I posted `` watching Monday night football '' Ironic
Does n't that California turf look oh so plush and hydrated ? mnf SF49ers ironic
Judging `` operational '' apps for a contest . But I ca n't enter my votes , because the contest website is down most of the time .
What Do You Mean & amp ; Same Old Love on repeat .
lost my map at school today
Weathering the storm while weathering the storm
I love how the first thing we 're reading in English is about how grades do n't mean good students Ironic Funny
It appears not . ifnorance
[ ♕ ] brandonsalim : I hate selfies
So , they say that black people are lazy and thugs , but when they 've made it out to be successful , they 're penalized .... WTH ? TYTLive
- Typical ... You find some good music but ca n't get it ... Ha ! ironic
This made my head explode . For a post about intelligence , it 's ironic that they use bad grammar.…
& amp ; hypocrisy=calling someone a bigot unfairly when bigot=unfair criticism.Islam is not a race , it is n't even a person
lmao .. I 'll sleep in the middle of marathon bc I do n't like to run bUT my name has `` run '' ...
John Hewson staring on qanda tonight ironic 😁😂
`` Town Jails Latino Man For Calling It ‘ Shitty ’ ''
... a loan then ? ... I ca n't afford the flight ! ! hahaha ! ironic eh ! ! xxx
😒 RT : In my mind I 've called 10 times today . But if she called me I likely would n't answer . Ironic
God sure seems pissed at Now Notre Dame football .
`` The Strange case of Michael Farner '' is on his way ... with another surprise : ) noir ironic
Party of MikeDuffy , Del Mastro , Bruce Carson , Brazeau attacks NDP cand 4 being soft on crime cdnpoli
It 's like you post on social media to convince yourself that you 're happy , if you were happy you would n't need to .
Technology is not only the greatest achievement today , but also today 's worst nightmare .
wait , a Trump supporter does n't like `` tough talk '' Ironic
Hey look , an immigrant took Donald Trump 's job . immigrants
Educated women answering liberal media questions with perfect PC , yet ok with being rated 1-10 on their bikini bodies ? MissAmerica
So a man knighted through a Captain 's Pick , anoints the man who knifed the captain ? auspol
So Suggs got accused of aiming for Bradford 's knees and then gets a torn acl ... ironic
Ai Lisa jaejoong gets more singing gigs and broadcast appearances now that he 's in the army . lol ironic
Lol how we pull a Seahawks on the 1 yard line ? ? SuperBowlPrediction 😂😭😂😭
The EU Commissioner for the CAP wants developing countries to encourage agriculture . ( article in French ) .
Ironic is n't it ? fallguy mondaynifhtfootball raylewis chriscarter nfl ironic football…
but are n't you commenting on what someone else did ? ironic
Quick , someone call Alanis Morrisette . ironic
so they do want market rate apts .. only 98 affordable ? ironic
Mondays are my chill , lazy days .
When you 're singing FastInMyCar but you 're driving the slowiest the car can go . paramore
They classify as clever black for being successful , yet continue blaming apartheid for own failures.irony
has a Twitter .... irony
does homework listening to 100 Greatest Punk Songs
I 'm a military brat yet I 've seen the most camouflage in my life in Burnaby & amp ; Coquitlam burbs
Today was my day off this week , until I did a nice thing and covered someone 's shift . Now I 'm so sick I ca n't move . nomorenicethings
hes from my town . Calgary I have nothing 2 get over . We r infiltrating your politics so why would I mind ? birther
antipiracy ad creators fined for sealing musicians work ironic
When you load a page about NTP attacks and it errors from timeout
Not sure if I should ignore this hashtag or not ... ironic ignorehashtag
nothing beats good Oates
Arnold to host ‘ Celebrity Apprentice ’ — just gave his job to an immigrant .
ironic post cottage weekend burn-out photo . grease slime
I predicted wud make a Single . I also have a strong feeling that Haymani will make `` Incurable Dreamer '' a Single
When you call about poor customer service and the representative hangs up on you instead of transferring you ironic
It would 've been best if they made Misa write their order for dinner on that piece of DeathNote . 😂 MissedOpportunity DeathNote2015
But he 's such a likable family man , how can he also be a tool at the service of big banks ? Biden2016
What , They dislike it ?
So I used to manage my trip to Seattle to visit ironic
And the lunch at the low fat and sugar meeting was salad free and had chips , quiche and cake ironic need2run
Watching Marlee Matlin roast trump with the tv muted
You handled segment with class . that he cutoff interview after goading you about lack of time CNNDebate .
The of an ' I heart London ' umbrella . umbrella puddle street road walk wet walking…
You 've built your geek clout to the point where ppl ask you `` what [ gadget ] should I buy ? `` , but you actually hate that question . geek
A Syrian founded Apple now led by a gay guy , who makes products demanded by fanatical crazy right wingers ironic IStandWithAhmed
Apparently , life is meeting deadlines between meetings to create deadlines . life work needToMeetToDiscussMore
The rapper that said `` yall just twitter flex but this shit aint just a fucking rap '' was twitter flexing
The RNC debate is sponsored by a fungus treatment . CNNDebate ironic
Some Wednesday for you ...
Investigating digital signing tech in SA . Discovered `` The Trust Centre '' powered by SA Post Office . Their website cert has expired .
the author of this article is in fact a narcissist . The act and need to publish this article is confirmation
Kylie Jenner wants to be everything she 's not and that 's what makes her , herself .
my parents are having mcdonalds while I only have leftover lechon paksiw ? ironic goodvibesThursday
Almost got run over by an ambulance on a zebra crossing
Ironic that one of the racists in the FYF911 `` movement '' has a soft spot for whites .
Two people sharing same dates as birthdays . As different as day and night .
Talk about a church communications mistake ... sending out an email with the wrong subject line .
It 's tough being a Trojans fan working for UCLA . ironic
Thought this was appropriate since were all hanging out later 😂 ironic
Potential success of SF down there may prevent serious consideration of Joint Rule .
Nobody had talent on America 's Got Talent last night .
If this was `` Closed for Muslim Tourists '' sign , that would be racist & amp ; islamophobic . NO ? Muslims
After . State of the Union January 1984irony
Nomadic like how you misspelled misspell ? inception ironic
Guy driving with his seatbelt on while smoking a cig , the seat belt can potentially save his life while he 's killing himself slowly .
Just went from a class about animal rights to cutting up a rat in biology .
Why am I torturing myself with Alanis Morissette 's hit song ? Ironic 🎧
Nava Do I need to use an hashtag ?
Cold Call blocker fined £75,000 for making cold calls | Insurance Times ukinsurance
N I know ! They use more makeup than I use making a full makeup look😂
Crazy thing its literally up top the ball was coming straight back & amp ; DM where we 've no cover for the defence ironic
My homework prompt about happiness just put me in the worst mood ironic
was talking about today with and now he 's touring Australia again ironic
Anoyyed right now is n't even the word .
DANG IT 😭 texts Floridian cousin who lives in NY ... ironic
my dad is a misogynist with three daughters
Note : If you add water to dry cookie dough in an effort to make it moist , you end up with dry crumbley cookies fail ironic
would have been easier if me and your mother hadnt bought you anything . Agreed . ironic
I love watching police officers litter . assholes
Reminder we 're talking because in public You `` voice 4 helpless '' bemoaned being hit for killing the helpless
Rubio answering questions about speaking Spanish .. GOPDebate RepublicanDebate
After years of criticising political leaders for having spin doctors , Jeremy Corbyn is advised he needs to hire one
These candidates need only to look at each other to see everything they 're condemning . GOPDebate
Reminder : today is Mexico Independence Day and GOPDebate .
Claimed 4 missing parcel from They apparently sent me a cheque in the post on the 11th . Guess what , it has n't arrived ! ironic
. football star ? ! Drunk thug more like
trump , humble would certainly be a code name !
As soon as police get his identity he will be invited by Obama to the White House for Charity Day Dec 1st .
I hope I 'm downtown the day that 's $ 800 moped breaks down and he needs an to get home .
I nitpick your typos , Susan Storm Richards is n't Hispanic and you 're insulting me .
Another sad part about this Ahmed arrest photo is the t-shirt he is wearing IStandWithAhmed
LastWeekTonight , a show hosted by an Englishman , is not available on Youtube in England .
Last time I was in Barcelona it was Barcelona vs Bayern , this time while I 'm there it is Barca Vs Bayer , both champions league games
The very people who were asking for tolerance and Love For All just a couple months ago were the first to ridicule today . ironic
the very organization they despise and plan to defund has a storied member getting ready to go $ 10 bill
Ironic merchandise picked up in California ... merchandise California drought
The four undercard guys are getting more airtime to make their case than they would on the main stage with 11 candidates GOPDebate
The debate tonight at times reminded me of the Miss America pageant question and answer segment ironic
If you 're on about central London , traffic was the result of a Taxi protest against Uber .
you realize `` spin room '' is a propoganda reference , right ? GOPDebate
I have a last min dr appt Monday and need a driver . momtaxi spoonieproblems
Fact : my most annoying neighbor works in pest control ironic
First Nation 's went through the same hostile foreign take-over , and it resulted in their genocide . History is repeating . the is 2much
That must be another benefit of using deflated footballs I guess ! ironic
Draw internet web facebook twitter phone tongue takenguy draw
It 's meeting the man of my dreams and then meeting his beautiful wife . ironic
If 's new announcement is a new tour the only 'money ' i have is their new single that 's out tomorrow TheNewBrokenScene
I 'm broke but I 'm happy . ironic
The lefty media got rid of Abbott and now face at least 4-10 years of something they hate . auspol
The driver of a hybrid , hurrying to get around me , nearly took out a commuting bicyclist . MorningCommute
Vodafone SIM sent to my old address . Found out by receiving a delivery charge of £2.50 not told by the agent . Great customer service
Bottle of Britain comes in a can
no he 's a gentleman . He will honor his word . He went to bat for JoshDuggar he 's got KimDavis too .
Called me do gooder , feminazi , leftie , hand wringer , leftard . Call BNP supporter Fascist . This is response .
yes , that 's the effect most of your output has on me psoriasis
Trying to figure out how to watch the without a TV .
Official Lucky Socks Update : Batman socks & gt ; The Flash socks RaceScience Ironic COTA LoneStarLeMans
Jim Kelly loses 4 Super Bowls and gets cancer ..... His son throws that crazy touchdown
... or even poor 'pronounciation ' ... My particular fave
News : Lidl raise staff wage rate so that staff can afford to shop somewhere else.irony
The of our times is that every Muslim household has at least one copy of the Qur'an .Yet , so few actually ...
I think our next record should be called `` Lucre '' . planning
I Love how you are still using the FreeAdnan hashtag even though you think he 's guilty 😂😂😂😂 thanks for contributing !
When calls men older than him kids . ; - )
The real is guys get cuckold by Christian clergy all the time.Tend to think of this whenever hearing word `` cuckservative '' .
7 months pregos and STANDING under the mta sign for riders courtesy to offer your seat to pregnant women . No one offers a seat .
so , this is for real ... who 's wanting this ? I 'd spend ALL DAY inside that . while playing PS4 , drinkin beer .
they had commercials on TV about it ironic
Kamikaze rugby from SA mind you ! !
Honestly guys , what are you watching ? ? Ironic ALDUBMostAwaitedDate
It probably does n't work because of the storm .
You have people who barely graduated high school throwing out the strongest political opinions .
I have the living room TV all to myself ! But there is absolute nothing I feel like watching .
Excited starts today . If we can get registered . linesaresolong immabelateforconflictresolution
if gambling were legal here , you could probably afford another legal pad or two . 😀
Not sure I would want my kicker to have the name Blewitt , especially with the game on the line . Hawkeyes
So u get on twitter to say someone should n't be talking on the `` radio about your personal issues with em '' Irony IggyTho MsTwitterFingaz
Trump is a birther that is why this whole thing is hysterical . He could n't have defended Obama because he agrees with the guy . humor
MLAgk teaches constitution on DelhiDenguePolitics forgetting ignorance of Delhi LG powers
dreams20 So resourceful , yet unable to find an org that has vets that donate time for discounted spay/neuter
This is being sold in the Native American booth
`` question your religions '' ohsummit ironic
Meanwhile , on College Gameday , Bama fans trolling Ole Miss fans about having a full complement of teeth .
An alliance ( not a `` party '' ) of `` independent '' Irish politicians meet today to discuss how they must work together to effect change .
allton Publishing every day has its challenges and its opportunities . Finding images always one of the hardest things .
The Internet in a nutshell adblocking
How does a place called fiveguysburgersandfries MISS putting the BURGER on the bun ? ? ? fail baconbun
China says Japan security law 'threat ' to regional peace audacity china japan spratlys asean asia
Sad , those who joined upto 1973 suddenly denied OROP Vets muted during Cong regimes but some abusing Modi Gov now
I wo n't wear leggings unless I am staying in the house ... yet I will quite happily wear jeggings when leaving the house `` /
Not ironic - look what I just found while unpacking goldentogardenstate joisey fuggedaboutit
An open letter to people who use hashtags ironic
at its finest
Sometimes minimal design is the most complex . butitstrue
What an @ Fanteakwa District
Mainstream 's too mainstream to me .
Jose Mourinho had the audacity to talk about Gabriel needing “ emotional control '' The same man who poked a cancer sufferer in the eye .
Enabled by the Lib Dems
Yes ! I 'm using apostrophe 's correctly ! irony
As a lawyer I hardly ever worked on days off but as a Vicar this is the second Friday in a row I have missed my Sabbath
7 Things You Should Read About DigitalDivide & amp ; Today ’ s Technologies : ironic 8. membersonly
Leo accusing someone else of being disloyal ? ?
one of my roommates is an English Major , and he just said he hated poetry with a passion ?
In 1950 , US built Badaber camp to eavesdrop on Soviet Union ( Russia ) communicationsIn 2015 , attack is by their own created babies
LOL telling to apologize for `` lies '' . ironic
Team lunch on Stone Street serving up BLT 's , while also talking Better Load Time . ironic
Just watched the highlights of Ayr 's victory . Ref could have prevented Morgan 's injury if he 'd got the red for raised hands on Doc . ironic
8 years ago today I had my first black eye from a soccer game .
Gale , Dom I think you have proved what is said about Americans and
3/and any other type of border control at their common borders . fun begunci
indy would actually be good for the Scottish Centre Right , their principled Unonism holds them back
Trust no one . Trust me
Arrested several times for drug-use in 20s . Said victims should 've expected it because drug-use . ironic mental motif
One of the ads outside americanairlinesarena says Keep Moving . ironic because we 've been sitting in the car for 30 minutes at a standstill
Great ad for GWR on the radio followed immediately by the travel report saying “ Major delays on GWR… ” love a bit of
Dear , Thanks for showing up vs my , and deciding to play like crap vs the . smh murphyslaw
Knock out Children Soldiers ! ? Who the fuck cares ? Quiet is wearing a bikini ! MGSV Feminazis Srsly , guys ! ?
Using Uber to get to a Myteksi briefing .. Lol .
Still woman checks for man 's profession , financial status before getting married
imintheBay in SanFrancisco California Listening to ourtrack with StooieBros lol ...
Thanks to legislation signed into law , his campaign workers now will need to wait a week to collect unemployment .
Did n't get the IKEA job I interviewed for because I 'm TOO passionate about interiors ... ironic
My Two Most Favorite on-screen Couple 😯😯 Karanika RanDeep 💘💘💘
murphy95 complaining about having to type words into a computer by typing words into a computer
At Dubai Airport , Loud speakers are installed all around so that passengers can listen Azan & amp ; they sell alcohol under the same roof
because it 's the ultra Conservatives with the name calling and stereotyping of refugees . So much for being a Xtian .
What 's the difference between 9/11 and a cow ? You stop milking a cow after 14 years . funny
I missed it because ca n't provide service .
: the sh1tty hotel I 'm checking out of is playing hotelcalifornia on their Muzak .
Seoshop.nl . Virtually unreadable on my phone . ironic justsaying
I study my ass off and I make an 84 and an 82 . I do n't study at all and I make an 88. ironic
Postcard : What he tried to write was `` Pilao '' , one of my favorite coffees , which also means `` Big D '' in Portugal
Anyone that does n't believe in global warming , homosexual marriage & amp ; abortion all the way up until birth should be arrested & amp ; killed .
Its amazing how bengaluru is constantly reminding me of my village in UP PowerCuts ITcity
“ ... we therefore renounce with disdain our connexion with a kingdom of slaves ; we bid a final adieu to Britain . ” ironic colonialamerica
When someone 's error logging class makes the project crash .
College is so much better without the school part 😩 Ironic
Tabloid newspapers critisising the literacy of school children smiteplease
. Ironic Just parked at my gym and opened my car door to find this . Will pick it up and throw it away .
Christie orders N.J. National Guard leader to meet fitness requirements | -
Wooooow what 's the 🏈 ? EaglesvsFalcons 🙌 pick off now EaglesvsCowboys 🙌 picks smh ThatShitCra 😂
Must I always feel like shit when I try to quit smoking cigarettes ? dying 😭 kills me every time
Now The Guardian is running an actual live blog about this .
I find it interesting that conservatives are commenting that religion does n't have a place in politics J360
My first attempt at blackoutwriting is about SA rugby analog southafricanrugby
Interesting , several references to how unhelpful lengthy policies are to implement & amp ; audit to reduce risk to patients ironic CSCSD2015
Nothing says like a pinch-runner who 's never been caught being thrown out by a backup catcher . MLB baseball
Tweeting about learning about twitter . agcom590
I never did homework before but I complete most of it now ironic
I hope and the other Scottish universities are successful in fighting for their own autonomy !
Vacation is over , I have one extra day off and it has gone well so far : I 've done nothing and spent 20€ .
GOI suspends passport of Kashmiri separatist Syed Ali Shah Geelani for 4 weeks . he holds Indian passport .
It 's funny how everyone made fun Drake & amp ; Future at one point time and now ppl love them ironic
. I did once see a bin man throwing his rubbish out of the bin truck window .
What ? Like firing a guy whose unethical journalism almost caused someone I know to die ? Like that `` ethical violation '' ?
Lol , asks pappu whose gov ruled centre & amp ; maha did nothing except fill their pockets ! IronyDevendraSlapsRajdeep
We should legalize drugs , weapons , even killing should be legal . Perfect ! ironic
guess he seems to forget that the same idiots were saying `` America was not ready for a black president '' .
Today 's Africa funfact : Mugabe believes that should step down
Saudi Arabia chosen in a key role in the U.N. Human rights panel . Anyone want to write a blog about this ?
`` You 've got what it takes but it will take everything you 've got `` The and Paradox tho 👌
When was the last time the Redskins defense carried ? Oh yeah Greg Williams era
Is it actually ironic ? 3 TED-Ed Lessons on
We would have won this week had we started Eli Manning instead of Foles manningface FantasyFootballProblems
I 'm convinced that ppl would rather be comforted with a lie than told the truth ironic
I 'll do something right ... wow win on the wording ...
Its an of life , Born free but have to pay tax till death.lifetruth logic share RT
I 'm a psychology major and yet I 'm the one who has anxiety issues . Ironic
Is it just me or are anti-abortionists also pro-death penalty ? O o
It does look to good for an energy company with their sign is half burned out lol
'UNHuman ' Gulf nation chosen to head 'UN human rights panel ' ! seemslegit oilpower
Watching hyena doc less than 24 hours after seeing a pack in the wild grateful
Love working with Facebook Insights
she 's a hypocrite of a Christian . She bashes gays but is herself multi divorced .
For you to exist Adam had to eat the apple ; the original sin was required ! Of course , science calls bullshit on it ! Atheist
So many whiteboards . Not sure if trying to be ironic at technology event telstravantage
If you are searching for an example of ironySaudiArabia has been appointed to head up a key UN Human Rights panel
decide to forgo the rugby cause work , son keeps me up all night
Daduq is this shit ? Did some fratboy hack their account ? ironic
When the biggesr gold digger comments on your gold digger hating post
I make a joke about book fans hating the GoT tv show , yet I groan every time I see commercials for season 2 of Gotham
Put into place by the Founders concerned about uneducated , uninformed citizens voting for unqualified candidates ironic
the pharmacist where I went to get my flu-jab is off sick today !
If Broad or contemporary business leaders ran comps that mismanaged funds & amp ; performed as poorly , they 'd shut them down . Ironic
Remember when WWF/E used to mock WCW for having older wrestlers perform `` past their prime '' ? Hypocrisy
accused a 14 year old of fraud . Gods gon na get you for that one Richard . RichardDawkins
Ugh ! Being sick sucks ! You 're forced to rest and do nothing when you want to do the exact opposite -- notice the here ? 😷😴🍵🍊
Apologising for `` industrial '' language in a city that 's an industrial wasteland.Irony
'The Tourist ' a Scot fighting in Ukraine for the DPR who plans to move on to join Kurdish Militia in Syria ... Voted NO in indyRef
And then this happening ...
= this administration has told us they 're AntiWar & amp ; yet they 're watching Syria/Iraq crumble due to not actually fighting ISIS
it is ironic bc it looks like max would be the rescuer instead of freak because of their size .
I its ironic because they thought max rescued freak . Really freak rescued max .
We are not using social media/sites . Instead they are using us .
aks somnathbharti failed both at love & amp ; law
Chewing on impact of socialmedia ethics+ what 's interesting to tweet tweetabouttweet
My live chat provider always has their live chat offline .
The of my discounting online learning while taking part in online learning ; ) edchat
Haha I have NEVER ruffled so many twitter feathers . All men too . ironic exceptnotreally
yet you 've done a piece calling it the Carling Cup ? ironic
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one . ❀ ❀
. boycotts , then calls someone else a `` spoiled brat ''
Classic hilarious Jimmy the Cabdriver spoof 😂😂 ironic MTV todayskidswillneverknow
My spidey sense was tingling ... you guessed it , hard brake to avoid left hook . Guess what street ? glasgow
Learning still , life has a funny way of teaching you lessons life blessed
D. Kammenos is most probably the new masterplan to take away votes from Golden Dawn . Greece
One of the amusing things about St Andrews is the juxtaposition of the Seafood Restaurant with the Aquarium .
Jeremy Kyle splits from wife , he is the man who helps others with relationships but could n't fix his own . ironic
Man sues after arrest 4 writing profanity on ticket . Judge : Liberty , NY , failed to train cops on FreeSpeech
Background music `` Ironic '' by Alanis Morrissette ironic fate
Who broke Facebook ? comingtotwittertocomplainaboutfacebookbeingbroken itsnotlikerainonyourweddingday
Just watched a highway patrol almost crash into someone because they were going 75 in a 55
`` After seing all the posts about the increased medicine costs .... '' fun ironic
After all , Israel , the country they support , its government funds abortions . ( I 'm prochoice btw )
Stocked potatoes obrien today at work and just laughed at the ironyDylanOBrien hilarious potatoes
Its funny now that i have a pill i dont use my headphones anymore .
... Do n't fence me in uapp.ly lyrics
Says the person asserting that biology proves a literal account of Genesis .
I was about to comment on the world ending , and Facebook died .
afraid not bud , I tried them both , but preferred Amazon , because of all the DC animations 👌 and Constantine 😑 Ha !
. sorry , the 2+ hr ( each way ) public transit commute to meetings prohibits my participation .
Leading a tutorial on decision making ironic
The incredibly talented - Behind the scenes . Music Video Shoot . TheReadTape
I spend more time watching my speedometer in a school zone than actually watching for children in the street . QuietTimeThoughts
Some girls want to be treated like Queens but they do not know how to be one .
We are saving the planet for our future while murdering our future.Ironic PopeInDC PopeInUSA PlannedParenthood pp
All this talk of treachery by those who turn on their party at the first hint change . ironic
That 's my daughters cat 's name !
Nope , Jackson . Hamilton was the first Secretary of Treasury , Jackson was a generally uncool guy who opposed paper money
mathschat 2/3 of students struggle with fractions
Just like Saudi Arabians holding women 's conference without without women ! Irony
What that ends his season w/ shoulder surgery on Vince Coleman 's birthday while the team is in St. Louis Stolenbases
Lyrics : ... if you do n't mess this upMe : Messed up with notes 🙈🙈🙈
Did you choose the air time ?
Never thought of it that way . That is Ironic
Currently interviewing strangers on social media for a video on the dangers of talking to strangers on social media
Ambien amazon order included self help books .
. Saraah WOW masculinitysofragile he has to beat women to prove he 's a man ?
Majority of Scrum articles on estimation treat story points = time ( save your But .. ) . And then we ’ re told NoEstimates is a lie .
haha they 're counter girls , all whinging about looking old - they sell skincare for upwards of £80 a pot !
I love incorrect uses of irony ! ! ! That 's why I always do it , it 's the most ironic thing you can do ! ! ! ironman IronMaiden ironore
crazy ur call of Beltrans hr was warily similar 2 a yogi quote , it 's deja vu all over again and then he passes away ironic
Coincidentally wrote a blog tonight about prisonreform and the disparities amongst African Americans ... ironic my passion ! EmpireSeason2
all the machines smoking I see are Tier 4 emmisions compliant ...
How do I get through my Burgess outline about internet cats ? of course ironic whatamidoinginschool IAMUBC
MasculinitySoFragile for making fun of men , there are an awful lot of feminists that look like men .
who is that fighter chick you talked about ? I think she 's on Ellen .
Oh the tolerance of the `` oppressed '' . tcot
when goes down and you look at to see what 's going on ... ; - )
miranda 99 % of CPC , LPC and NDP sign damage is caused by kids and teenagers .
What is with our obsession for dystopian storylines ? Is it projection , or just blindly rooting for them to overcome ? proxy
I dream of sleep when I 'm awake Ironic
hated minorities -- who in the past looked a lot like Ben Carson ...
connolly Agreed mate . I 'm biased but was true nail biter . M Martyn killed Gazza & amp ; Gazza won the game ...
@ Apple Store , Brea Mall
I really want to tweet a inspirational tweet to give positive notions to those that need it . ironic
is down right now .
Do n't forget Dioner 's CI after he hit the 9th inn HR to tie it up ! Ironic NYY
Well , that was ironic of me 2 RT crap about doughnuts after RTing HotShaper . escapeTV Kounterfeit
People will eat meat openly but attack others for sacrilege practices of animals in some cultures or religions ironic DontPanic
Mum over the last 24 hours : nashnash IDontHashTag hahahaha isthisright prettyxmas xmasisallonliney
When your deployed husband gets to watch the Nebraska game but you do n't .
crashed for 5 secs this morning and it 's still the top trend
u talked so much on TV and still have handle
`` we would only hold on to let go '' 🎧
I thought the separation of church and state is what everyone is always screaming . Now we have a pope dictating on politics ?
Banksy 's Dismaland 'gave Weston-super-Mare a £20m boost '
These subtweets still going though .. keep it real you guys whodiddoitbetter ?
but but but , Anita said so .... Im scared
best debate joke of the night ! cdnpoIi elxn42
American were running from oppression by oppressing the Native Americans ironic fresheyes
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
When we assume people are judging us we are judging them . ironic
it 's amazing watching all the people who want to empower women put this girl down . Hahaha
Saudies always do n't set on their seats in the movies and they blame plilgrames for not abiding instruction moneynomanners
Funny thing is , they kill Viola Davis off just after her winning an Emmy for the role HTGAWM BadLuckViola
Is it too ironic that I put my DunkinDonuts coffee in my Starbucks cup so I could add more…
Now this is awesome . 1986
Hey , this label was found on the bottom of our 8-month pregnant cousin 's piece of cake Ironic
has his picture on a milk carton but not a box of Wheaties
she did n't pass ethics portion suits
did you catch any local residents ?
most sold book in history ... never actually read
This guy ( who did n't rsvp ) is bitching because the staff is unprepared for the number of people here ...
FT : 2-5 . Only 5 goals away from home . Think what we could do with a proper strike-force ! ! ! COYG
I think you mean while the pope was a couple blocks away talking about not being materialistic . lol
If the Pope at all changes the political discourse and direction in this country , was the catalyst .
NewsBusted 09/22/15 via funny ironic
I ca n't bring myself to delete the 119 episodes of Hoarders I recorded on my DVR . . . hoarding
Ukip conference-goers apparently stranded as taxi drivers had day off for Eid racism
While you were explaining the weather alerts , my tv was hijacked with a weather alert test .
ironic iconic i did miss the point but if youre reading this tweet its already too late : P
DailyHumorIrony & amp ; uninformed voter ca n't see the LibHypocrisy
IRONIC knitcapIRONIC knitcap 近所会 次はがたろうキャップ
ironic that the house of lies would call a 13 year old a liar , lol
I would n't make a bridge out of anything else
Loving this new FIFA ... totally amazing
The weird nigga of the group does n't get the weird shit .
Too funny hilarious humor humerous madonna madonnafans ironic shecansing wheelchairbitch…
you 're so kind . I had an awesome time . Wish I could come to your next event but I 'll be headed out of town that day .
you realize that 's a Mexican dish , right ? Delusional smh
A Friday morning giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Common sense is not so common ironic
my and i deadcat and are ABSOLUTELY compatible ! VERY apropos !
theSdkHat lol but I hung out with Jon for an hour and barley said anything to Jonah when I met him ironic 😍😂
To stop the insanity on our roads we need car drivers to be licenced , cars with licence plates . That will solve road safety problem.irony
Guess they should have GOOGLED THEM .
Comment of the week goes to re pollie speech `` a very inspiring ending '' auspol
My right hand is my go to ... ironic
NDP = New Drama Party Let the show begin cdnpoli elxn42
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
'vie ' in French = LIFE Ironic SadStateOfAffairs UnMondeAlEnvers
Uh ..... Dead flowers ?
Dr. Laura playing on Andy Sirius station 109 ? Conflicted as I like them both !
I 'm down ! Next time I 'm in dc , count me in ! ! ! Designed in arlington few years back . ironic
that time you try to update your speed test app but ca n't cuz your phone is on 1x when it 's supposed to be on 4g LTE sprint
-- RT `` : Saints barely had fans before Katrina ...
ha ha I got this
& gt ; calls me an idiot & gt ; makes claims about me that are 100 % false because he 's too lazy to read
Pope lives in the city with strictest immigration policy AND a wall
Reading about pregnancyinsomnia whilst suffering from it ! ! 230am
`` Do n't make me fuss you out ! `` QuotesOfTheDay cursing lol funny
A Friday giggle here in the office ! The ultimate irony ? CLICKHERE
Wait . You are calling someone `` pompous '' ?
Fifa : Sepp Blatter faces criminal investigation . Wow . I did n't see that coming .
In today 's events , asking a radar cop to forgive me for going 37kms in a school zone ironic Ididwrong imsorryplesmaffi shutdown
and you 've been injured ever since
I will get updates on SU from u folks today as I get glimpses here on New Orleans ,
Researching gender bias in existing aircraft , and I see planes leave Dulles airport every few minutes
Our hotel room number is my phone pass lock ..
Humans - a species that resist change as much they desire it ironic writingtips writing
