captain
yes , sir ?
tell them we wish to board at once
with all due respect ... the ambassadors for the supreme chancellor wish to board immediately
yes , of course
as you know , our blockade is perfectly legal ... and we 'd be happy to receive the ambassadors
i 'm tc-14 at your service
this way , please
we are greatly honored by your visit , ambassadors
make yourselves comfortable
my master will be with you shortly
i have a bad feeling about this
i do n't sense anything
it 's not about the mission , master
it 's something elsewhere , elusive
do n't center on your anxieties , obi-wan
keep your concentration here and now , where it belongs
but master yoda said i should be mindful of the future
but not at the expense of the moment
be mindful of the living force , young padawan
yes , master
how do you think this trade viceroy will deal with the chancellor 's demands ?
these federation types are cowards
the negotiations will be short
what ?
what did you say ?
the ambassadors are jedi knights , i believe
i knew it
they 're here to force a settlement
distract them . i will contact lord sidious
are you brain dead ?
i 'm not going in there with two jedi
send a droid
is it in their nature to make us wait this long ? no
i sense an unusual amount of fear ... for something as trivial as this trade dispute
what is it ?
this scheme of yours has failed , lord sidious
the blockade is finished . we dare not go against these jedi
viceroy , i do n't want this stunted slime in my sight again
this turn of events is unfortunate . we must accelerate our plans
begin landing your troops
my lord , is that legal ?
i will make it legal
and the jedi ?
the chancellor should never have brought them into this
kill them immediately
yes , my lord . as you wish
captain , look !
shields up !
sorry
dioxis
they must be dead by now
destroy what 's left of them
excuse me
check it out , corporal . we 'll cover you
roger , roger
uh-oh . blast them
what is going on down there ?
we lost the transmission , sir
have you ever encountered a jedi knight before , sir ?
well , no , but i do n't ... seal off the bridge
yes , sir
that wo n't be enough , sir
i want droidekas up here at once !
we will not survive this
close the blast doors !
that will hold them
they are still coming through
this is impossible !
where are those droidekas ?
master ! destroyers !
they have shield generators !
it 's a standoff . let 's go
they 're no match for droidekas
sir !
they 've gone up the ventilation shaft
battle droids
it 's an invasion army
this is an odd play for the trade federation
we 've got to warn the naboo and contact chancellor valorum
let 's split up
stow aboard separate ships and meet down on the planet
you were right about one thing , master
the negotiations were short
sir , a transmission from the planet
it 's queen amidala herself
at last we are getting results
again you come before us , your highness
you will not be so pleased when you hear what i have to say , viceroy
your trade boycott of our planet has ended
i was not aware of such failure
i have word that the chancellor 's ambassadors are with you now ... and that you have been commanded to reach settlement
i know nothing of any ambassadors
you must be mistaken
beware , viceroy
the federation has gone too far this time
we would never do anything without the approval of the senate
you assume too much
we will see
she 's right . the senate will never ...
it 's too late now
do you think she suspects an attack ?
i do n't know
but we must move quickly to disrupt all communications down there
negotiations have n't started because the ambassadors are n't there ?
how could that be true ?
i have assurances from the chancellor his ambassadors did arrive
it must ... handiwork ...
negotiate ... ambassadors ...
nobody would ...
senator palpatine
what 's happening ?
check the transmission generator
a communications disruption can mean only one thing : invasion
the federation would not dare go that far
the senate would revoke their trade franchise , and they 'd be finished
we must continue to rely on negotiation
negotiation ?
we 've lost all communications
and where are the chancellor 's ambassadors ?
this is a dangerous situation , your highness
our security volunteers will be no match ... against a battle hardened federation army
i will not condone a course of action that will lead us to war
yes , viceroy ?
captain , we 've searched the ship and there is no trace of the jedi
they may have gotten on one of your landing craft
if they 're down here , sir , we 'll find them
use caution . these jedi are not to be underestimated
oh , no ! -- get away !
get out of here !
get down !
was 'n dat ? hey , wait !
oh , mooie mooie , i love you
you almost got us killed . are you brainless ?
i spake
the ability to speak does not make you intelligent
now , get out of here
no , no , mesa stay
mesa culled jar jar binks . mesa your humble servant
that wo n't be necessary
oh , but it 'tis
'tis demanded by the gods , it 'tis
oh , no !
stay down !
you saved my again
what 's this ?
a local
let 's get out of here before more droids show up
more ? " more " did you spake ?
ex-squeeze me , but de mostest safest place would be gunga city
is where i grew up . 'tis a hidden city
a city ? -- uh-huh
can you take us there ?
on second thought , no
not really , no
no ?
'tis embarrassing ... but my afraid my 've been banished
my forgotten . da bosses would do terrible tings to me
terrible tings to me if me goen back dare
you hear that ?
yah
that is the sound of a thousand terrible things heading this way
if they find us , they will crush us ... grind us into tiny pieces and blast us into oblivion
yousa point is well seen
dis way . hurry !
how much further ?
wesa goen underwater , okeyday ?
ah , my warning you
gungans no liken outsiders , so do n't spect a warm welcome
do n't worry . this has n't been our day for warm welcomes
yousa follow me now , okeyday ?
so good being home !
hey , yousa . stopa dare
heyo-dales , cap 'n tarpals
mesa back
noah gain , jar jar . yousa goen tada bosses
yousa in big dudu dis time
how wude
yousa cannot bees hair
dis army of mackineeks up dare is new weesong
a droid army is about to attack the naboo . we must warn them
wesa no like da naboo
da naboo tink day so smarty
day tink day brains so big
once those droids take control of the surface , they will take control of you
mesa no tink so
day not know of uss-en
you and the naboo form a symbiont circle
what happens to one of you will affect the other
you must understand this
wesa no carrrre-nn about da naboo
then speed us on our way
wesa ganna speed yous away
we could use a transport
wesa give yousa una bongo
da speediest way tooda naboo ... 'tis goen through the planet core
now ... go
thank you for your help . we leave in peace
master , what 's a bongo ?
a transport , i hope
deysa setten yousa up
goen through da planet core ?
bad bombin'
any help here would be hot
master , we 're short on time
we 'll need a navigator to get us through the planet 's core
this gungan may be of help
what is to become of jar jar binks here ?
hisen to be pune-ished
i saved his life
he owes me what you call a " life debt . "
your gods demand that his life belongs to me now
binks ... yousa havena liveplay with thisen hisen ?
begone wit him !
count me outta dis one
better dead here than dead in da core
yee gods ! what mesa sayin ?
dis is nutsen . oh , gooberfish !
why were you banished , jar jar ?
it 's a longo tale-o ... buta a small part of it would be mesa ... clumsy
you were banished for being clumsy ?
yousa might 'n be sayin dat
mesa caused mabee one two-y lettle bitty axadentes , huh ?
yud-say boom da gasser ... den crashing der boss 's heyblibber , den banished
big gooberfish ! huge-o teeth !
there 's always a bigger fish
mesa tink we goen back now
the invasion is on schedule , my lord
i have the senate bogged down in procedures
they will have no choice but to accept your control of the system
the queen has great faith that the senate will side with her
queen amidala is young and naive
you will find controlling her will not be difficult
yes , my lord
you did n't tell him about the missing jedi
no need to report that to him until we have something to report
where wesa goin ? -- do n't worry
the force will guide us
oh , maxi big , da force
well , dat smells stinkowiff
we 're losing power
oh , no !
wesa dyin' here
just relax . we 're not in trouble yet
what " yet " ?
monsters out dare . leak 'n in here
all sink 'n and no power ?
whena yousa tinkin wesa in trouble ?
power 's back
monster 's back !
relax
you overdid it
head for that outcropping
oh , boy
viceroy , we have captured the queen
ah , victory
dis 'n loverly
how will you explain this invasion to the senate ?
the queen and i will sign a treaty that will legitimize our occupation here
i have assurances it will be ratified by the senate
i will not cooperate
now , now , your highness
in time , your people 's suffering will persuade you to see our point of view
commander
yes , sir
process them
captain , take them to camp 4
roger , roger
we should leave the street , your highness
get their weapons
yousa guys bombad !
we 're ambassadors for the supreme chancellor
your negotiations seemed to have failed , ambassador
the negotiations never took place
it 's urgent that we make contact with the republic
they 've knocked out all our communications
do you have transports ?
in the main hangar . this way
there are too many of them
that wo n't be a problem
your highness , under the circumstances , i suggest you come to coruscant with us
thank you , ambassador , but my place is with my people
they will kill you if you stay
they would n't dare
they need her to sign a treaty to make this invasion legal
they ca n't afford to kill her
there is something else behind all this , your highness
there 's no logic in the federation 's move here
my feelings tell me they will destroy you
our only hope is for the senate to side with us
senator palpatine will need your help
either choice presents great danger ... to us all
we are brave , your highness
if you are to leave , your highness , it must be now
then i will plead our case to the senate
be careful , governor
we 'll need to free those pilots
i 'll deal with that
halt
i 'm ambassador to the supreme chancellor
i 'm taking these people to coruscant
where are you taking them ?
to coruscant
coruscant ?
uh , that does n't compute
uh , wait . uh , you 're under arrest
come on . move !
go !
now , stay here and keep out of trouble
hello , boyos
there 's the blockade
the shield generator 's been hit !
how wude !
we 're losing droids fast
if we ca n't get the shield generator fixed , we 'll be sitting ducks
the shields are gone
the power 's back !
that little droid did it . he bypassed the main power drive
deflector shields up at maximum
there 's not enough power to get us to coruscant
the hyperdrive is leaking
we 'll have to land somewhere to refuel and repair the ship
here , master . tatooine
it 's small , out of the way , poor
the trade federation have no presence there
how can you be sure ?
it 's controlled by the hutts
you ca n't take her royal highness there . the hutts are gangsters
if they discovered her ...
it'd be no different than landing ... on a system controlled by the federation ... except that the hutts are n't looking for her ... which gives us the advantage
and queen amidala , has she signed the treaty ?
she has disappeared , my lord
one naboo cruiser got past the blockade
i want that treaty signed
my lord ... it 's impossible to locate the ship
it 's out of our range
not for a sith
this is my apprentice ...
darth maul
he will find your lost ship
this is getting out of hand
now there are two of them
we should not have made this bargain
an extremely well put together little droid , your highness
without a doubt , it saved the ship , as well as our lives
it is to be commended . what is its number ?
r2-d2 , your highness
thank you , r2-d2
padmé
clean this droid up as best you can
it deserves our gratitude
continue , captain
your highness , with your permission ... we 're heading for a remote planet called tatooine
it 's in a system far beyond the reach of the trade federation
i do not agree with the jedi on this
you must trust my judgment , your highness
hello
sorry . husa are yousa ?
i 'm padmé
mesa jar jar binks
you 're a gungan , are n't you ?
how 'd you end up here with us ?
my no know
mesa day starten pitty okeyday witda brisky morning munchen
den boom !
getten berry scared ... and grabben dat jedi , and pow ... mesa here
mesa getten berry , berry scared
that 's it ... tatooine
there 's a settlement
land near the outskirts . we do n't want to attract attention
the hyperdrive generator 's gone , master . we 'll need a new one
that 'll complicate things . be wary
i sense a disturbance in the force
i feel it also , master
do n't let them send any transmissions
the sun doen murder to mesa skin
wait !
wait
her highness commands you to take her handmaiden with you
no more commands from her highness today , captain
the spaceport is not going to be pleasant
the queen wishes it
she 's curious about the planet
this is not a good idea . stay close to me
moisture farms , for the most part
some indigenous tribes and scavengers
the few spaceports like this one ... are havens for those that do n't wish to be found
like us
dissen berry , berry bad
icky , icky goo !
we 'll try one of the smaller dealers
good day to you
what do you want ?
i need parts for a j-type 327 nubian
ah , yes ! nubian . we have lots of that
boy , get in here now !
my droid has a readout of what i need
what took you so long ?
i was cleaning the fan switches
watch the store . i 've got some selling to do
so , let me take thee out back , huh ?
we 'll find what you need
do n't touch anything
are you an angel ?
what ?
an angel . i heard the deep space pilots talk about them
they 're the most beautiful creatures in the universe
they live on the moons of iego , i think
you 're a funny little boy . how do you know so much ?
i listen to all the traders and star pilots who come through here
i 'm a pilot , you know , and someday i 'm gonna fly away from this place
you 're a pilot ?
mm-hmm . all my life
how long have you been here ?
since i was very little . three , i think
my mom and i were sold to gardulla the hutt ... but she lost us betting on the podraces
you 're a slave ?
i 'm a person , and my name is anakin
i 'm sorry
i do n't fully understand . this is a strange place to me
i got ya . -- hey !
hit the nose
a t-14 hyperdrive generator
i 'm the only one hereabouts who has one
but thee might as well buy a new ship . it would be cheaper , i think , huh
saying of which ... how 's thee gonna pay for all this , huh ?
i have 20,000 republic dataries
republic credits ?
republic credits are no good out here . i need something more real
i do n't have anything else , but credits will do fine
no , they wo n't
credits will do fine
no , they wo n't !
what , you think you 're some kind of jedi , waving your hand around like that ?
i 'm a toydarian . mind tricks do n't work on me . only money
no money , no parts , no deal
and no one else has a t-14 hyperdrive , i promise you that
would n't have lasted long anyways if i was n't so good at building things
we 're leaving . jar jar
i 'm glad to have met you , anakin
i was glad to meet you too
outlanders . they think we know nothing
they seemed nice to me
clean the racks then you can go home
and you 're sure there 's nothing left on board ?
a few containers of supplies
the queen 's wardrobe , maybe , but not enough for you to barter with ... not in the amount you 're talking about
all right . i 'm sure another solution will present itself
i 'll check back later
noah gain . noah gain
da beings hereabouts , cawazy !
wesa be wobbed un crunched
not likely . we have nothing of value . that 's our problem
are you going to pay for that ?
it costs seven wupiupi
is this yours ?
who , mesa ...
careful , sebulba
he 's a big time outlander
i 'd hate to see you diced before we race again
next time we race , boy , it will be the end of you
if you were n't a slave , i 'd squash you now
yeah , it'd be a pity if you had to pay for me
hi
hi there
your buddy here was about to be turned into orange goo
he picked a fight with a dug ... an especially dangerous dug called sebulba
mesa haten crunchen . das da las ting mesa want
nevertheless , the boy is right . you were heading into trouble
thanks , my young friend
but mesa doen nutten !
this storm will slow them down
looks pretty bad
panaka
receiving a message from home
we 'll be right there
here , you 'll like these pallies
here
thank you
my bones are aching
storm 's coming up , ani . you better get home quick
do you have shelter ?
we 'll head back to our ship
is it far ?
it 's on the outskirts
you 'll never reach the outskirts in time
sandstorms are very , very dangerous
come on . i 'll take you to my place
mom !
mom , i 'm home !
ah , dissen cozy
these are my friends , mom
hello
i 'm qui-gon jinn
i 'm building a droid . you wanna see ?
your son was kind enough to offer us shelter
come on . i 'll show you 3po
is n't he great ?
he 's not finished yet
he 's wonderful
you really like him ?
he 's a protocol droid to help mom . watch
where is everybody ?
oh , hello
i am c-3po , human cyborg relations
how might i serve you ?
he 's perfect . -- oh . perfect
when the storm is over , i 'll show you my racer
i 'm not sure this floor is entirely stable
hello . i do n't believe we have been introduced
r2-d2
a pleasure to meet you
i am c-3po , human cyborg relations
i beg your pardon , but what do you mean , " naked " ?
my parts are showing ?
my goodness !
the death toll is catastrophic
we must bow to their wishes
you must contact me
it 's a trick . send no reply
send no transmissions of any kind
it sounds like bait to establish a connection trace
what if it is true , and the people are dying ?
either way , we 're running out of time
tatooine is sparsely populated
if the trace was correct , i will find them quickly , master
move against the jedi first
you will then have no difficulty in taking the queen to naboo to sign the treaty
at last we will reveal ourselves to the jedi
at last we will have revenge
you have been well trained , my young apprentice
they will be no match for you
all slaves have a transmitter placed inside their bodies somewhere
i 've been working on a scanner to try and locate mine
any attempt to escape ...
and they blow you up !
how wude !
i ca n't believe there 's still slavery in the galaxy
the republic 's antislavery laws ...
the republic does n't exist out here
we must survive on our own
excuse me
has anybody ever seen a podrace ?
they have podracing on malastare
very fast , very dangerous
i 'm the only human who can do it
you must have jedi reflexes if you race pods
do n't do that again
you 're a jedi knight , are n't you ?
what makes you think that ?
i saw your laser sword
only jedis carry that kind of weapon
perhaps i killed a jedi and took it from him
i do n't think so
no one can kill a jedi
i wish that were so
i had a dream i was a jedi
i came back here and freed all the slaves
have you come to free us ?
no , i 'm afraid not
i think you have . why else would you be here ?
i can see there 's no fooling you , anakin
we 're on our way to coruscant , the central system in the republic ... on a very important mission
how did you end up out here in the outer rim ?
our ship was damaged , and we 're stranded here until we can repair it
i can help . i can fix anything
i believe you can
but first we must acquire the parts we need
wit no-nutten mula to trade
these junk dealers must have a weakness of some kind
gambling . everything here revolves around betting on those awful races
podracing
greed can be a powerful ally
i built a racer . it 's the fastest ever
there 's a big race tomorrow on boonta eve
you could enter my pod
anakin , watto wo n't let you
watto does n't know i 've built it
you could make him think it was yours ... and get him to let me pilot it for you
i do n't want you to race . it 's awful
i die every time watto makes you do it
but , mom , i love it
the prize money would more than pay for the parts they need
anakin
your mother 's right
is there anyone friendly to the republic who can help us ?
no
mom , you say the biggest problem in this universe is nobody helps each other
i 'm sure qui-gon does n't want to put your son in danger
we 'll find some other way
there is no other way
i may not like it , but he can help you
he was meant to help you
are you sure about this ?
trusting our fate to a boy we hardly know ?
the queen will not approve
the queen does n't need to know
well , i do n't approve
the boy tells me you want to sponsor him in the race
how can you do this ?
not on the republic credits , i think
my ship will be the entry fee
not bad !
not bad , huh ? nubian , huh ?
it 's in good order , except for the parts i need
what would the boy ride ?
he smashed up my pod in the last race
it would take some long time to fix it
it was n't my fault . really
sebulba flashed me with his vents
i actually saved the pod , mostly
that you did
the boy 's good . no doubts there , huh ?
i have acquired a pod in a game of chance
the fastest ever built
i hope you did n't kill anyone i know for it , huh ?
so , you supply the pod and the entry fee ... and i supply the boy
we split the winnings 50 50 , i think , huh ?
if it 's going to be 50 50 ...
i suggest you front the cash for the entry
if we win ... you keep all the winnings , minus the cost of the parts i need
and if we lose , you keep my ship
either way , you win
deal !
your friend is a foolish one , methinks
what if this plan fails , master ?
we could be stuck here a very long time
well , it 's too dangerous to call for help ... and a ship without a power supply is n't going to get us anywhere
and ... there 's something about this boy
you should be very proud of your son
he gives without any thought of reward
he knows nothing of greed
he has ...
he has special powers
yes
he can see things before they happen
that 's why he appears to have such quick reflexes
it 's a jedi trait
he deserves better than a slave 's life
had he been born in the republic , we would have identified him early
the force is unusually strong with him . that much is clear
who was his father ?
there was no father
i carried him , i gave birth , i raised him
i ca n't explain what happened
can you help him ?
i do n't know
i did n't actually come here to free slaves
wow , a real astro droid !
how do you get so lucky ?
that is n't the half of it
i 'm in the boonta race tomorrow
what ?
with this ?
you 're such a joker , ani
you 've been working on that for years
it 's never gonna run
come on . let 's go and play ball
keep racing , ani . you 're gonna be bug squash
keep away from those energy binders
if your hand gets caught in the beam , it 's gonna go numb for hours
okay
my tongue is fat
my tongue ...
wrench
where is de wrench ?
oh , dare it is
i 'm stuck
you know , i find that jar jar creature to be a little odd
you do n't even know if this thing 's gonna run
it will
i think it 's time we found out
here , use this power charge
yes , sir !
come on , kitster . let 's move away
my mouth
ani , i 'm stuck
my tongue is fat
you 're quite right . he 's very odd indeed
thank you
go
it 's working ! it 's working !
stay still , ani . let me clean this cut
there 's so many . do they all have a system of planets ?
most of them
has anyone been to 'em all ?
not likely
i wanna be the first one to see 'em all
ani , bedtime !
there we are . good as new
ani , i 'm not gonna tell you again
what are you doing ?
checking your blood for infections
go on
you have a big day tomorrow
sleep well , ani
obi-wan ?
yes , master ?
i need an analysis of this blood sample i 'm sending you
wait a minute
i need a midi-chlorian count
the reading is off the chart
over 20,000
even master yoda does n't have a midi-chlorian count that high
no jedi has
what does that mean ?
i 'm not sure
i wanna see your spaceship the moment the race is over
patience , my blue friend
you 'll have your winnings before the suns set
and we 'll be far away from here
not if your ship belongs to me , i think , huh ?
i warn you , no funny business
you do n't think anakin can win ?
do n't get me wrongo
i have great faith in the boy
he 's a credit to your race ... but sebulba there is going to win , i think
oh , no !
why do you think that ?
he always wins !
i am betting heavily on sebulba
i 'll take that bet
what ?
i 'll wager my new racing pod against , say ... the boy and his mother
no pod is worth two slaves , not by a long shot
the boy , then
we 'll let fate decide , huh ?
i just happen to have a chance cube here
blue , it 's the boy
red ... his mother
you won this small toss , outlander ... but you wo n't win the race !
so it makes little difference !
better stop your friend 's betting or i 'll end up owning him too
what 'd he mean by that ?
i 'll tell you later
good morning
oh , my . space travel sounds rather perilous
i can assure you , they will never get me onto one of those dreadful starships
this is so wizard , ani . i 'm sure you 'll do it this time
do what ?
finish the race , of course
you 've never won a race ?
well , not exactly
not even finished ?
kitster 's right . i will this time
of course you will
that 's absolutely right
and a big turnout here from all corners of the outer rim territories
i see the contestants are making their way out onto the starting grid
i see ben quadinaros from the tund system
two time winner boles roor
sebulba !
and in the front row , nearside pole position ...
mawhonic !
a hearty hello ... to clegg holdfast and his voltec kt9 wasp !
and back again , it 's the mighty dud bolt ... with that incredible racing machine , the vulptereen 327
and hoping for a big win today ...
ody mandrell , with his record setting pit droid team
and a late entry , young anakin skywalker ... a local boy
i see the flags are moving out onto the track
be safe
i will , mom . i promise
you wo n't walk away from this one ... you slave scum
do n't count on it , slime ball
you 're bantha fodder !
you all set , ani ?
yep
right
remember , concentrate on the moment
feel , do n't think . use your instincts
i will
may the force be with you
jabba the hutt
welcome
begin the race !
hey , looks like they 're clearing the grid
is he nervous ?
he 's fine
you jedi are far too reckless . the queen is not ...
the queen trusts my judgment , young handmaiden
you should too
you assume too much
start your engines
oh , dissen gonna be messy . me no watch 'n !
oh , no !
wait . little skywalker has stalled
it looks like quadinaros is having engine trouble also
come on , ani !
and there goes skywalker !
go , ani , go !
he will be hard pressed to catch up with the leaders
looks like a few tusken raiders are camped out on the canyon dune turn
there goes quadinaros ' power coupling
oh , no !
where is master anakin ?
look . here he comes
it looks like skywalker is moving up in the field
he has to complete two more circuits ?
oh , dear
skywalker 's spinning out of control !
i do n't care what universe you 're from . that 's gotta hurt !
here he comes !
at the start of the third and final lap , sebulba 's in the lead ... followed closely by skywalker !
go , ani !
skywalker 's been forced onto the service ramp !
it 's skywalker !
sebulba !
amazing ! a quick control thrust , and he 's back on course !
did he crash-ed ?
skywalker 's in trouble ! sebulba takes the lead !
he 's catching sebulba !
careful , ani . careful , ani !
that little human being is out of his mind !
they 're side by side !
i ca n't believe it
the crowds are going nuts !
yay , ani !
mom , i did it ! yay !
good going , ani !
we owe you everything , ani
it 's so wonderful , ani
you have brought hope to those who have none
i 'm so very proud of you
you !
you swindled me
you knew the boy was going to win . somehow you knew it
i lost everything
whenever you gamble , my friend , eventually you lose
bring the parts to the main hangar
i 'll come by your shop later on so you can release the boy
you ca n't have him . it was n't a fair bet
would you like to discuss it with the hutts ?
i 'm sure they can settle this
take him
hidoe !
well , we have all the essential parts we need
i 'm going back
some unfinished business . i wo n't be long
why do i sense we 've picked up another pathetic life form ?
it 's the boy who 's responsible for getting us these parts
get this hyperdrive generator installed
yes , master . that should n't take long
come on . hup !
hey . these are yours
yes !
mom , we sold the pod ! look at all the money we have !
my goodness ! but that 's so wonderful , ani
and he has been freed
what ?
you 're no longer a slave
did you hear that ?
now you can make your dreams come true , ani
you are free
will you take him with you ?
is he to become a jedi ?
yes . our meeting was not a coincidence
nothing happens by accident
you mean i get to come with you in your starship ?
anakin ... training to become a jedi is not an easy challenge ... and even if you succeed , it 's a hard life
but i wanna go . it 's what i 've always dreamed of doing
can i go , mom ?
anakin ... this path has been placed before you
the choice is yours alone
i wanna do it
then pack your things . we have n't much time
what about mom ?
is she free too ?
i tried to free your mother , ani , but watto would n't have it
you 're coming with us , are n't you , mom ?
son , my place is here . my future is here
it is time for you to let go
i do n't want things to change
but you ca n't stop the change ... any more than you can stop the suns from setting
i love you
now hurry
thank you
i 'll watch after him . you have my word
will you be all right ?
yeah
hello , master anakin
well , 3po , i 've been freed ... and i 'm going away in a starship
master anakin , you are my maker and i wish you well
however , i should prefer it if i were a little more completed
i 'm sorry i was n't able to finish you , 3po ... give you coverings and all
i 'm gonna miss working on you
you 've been a great pal
i 'll make sure mom does n't sell you or anything
sell me ?
bye
oh , my
i ca n't do it , mom . i just ca n't do it
will i ever see you again ?
what does your heart tell you ?
i hope so
yes
i guess
then we will see each other again
i will come back and free you , mom
i promise
now , be brave ... and do n't look back
do n't look back
qui-gon , sir , wait !
i 'm tired !
anakin ! drop !
go !
tell them to take off !
qui-gon 's in trouble
take off
over there . fly low
are you all right ?
i think so
what was it ?
i 'm not sure ... but it was well trained in the jedi arts
my guess is it was after the queen
what are we gonna do about it ?
we shall be patient
anakin skywalker ... meet obi-wan kenobi
you 're a jedi too ?
pleased to meet you
your queen is lost , your people are starving ... and you , governor , are going to die ... much sooner than your people , i 'm afraid
this invasion will gain you nothing
we 're a democracy . the people have decided
take him away
my troops are in position to begin searching the swamps ... for these rumored underwater villages
they will not stay hidden for long
the death toll is catastrophic
we must bow to their wishes
you must contact me
you all right ?
it 's very cold
you come from a warm planet , ani
a little too warm for my taste
space is cold
you seem sad
the queen is worried
her people are suffering , dying
she must convince the senate to intervene or ...
i 'm not sure what 'll happen
i made this for you ... so you 'd remember me
i carved it out of a japor snippet
it'll bring you good fortune
it 's beautiful
but i do n't need this to remember you by
many things will change when we reach the capital , ani ... but my caring for you will remain
i care for you , too , only i ...
miss your mother
coruscant . the entire planet is one big city
there 's chancellor valorum 's shuttle
and look over there . senator palpatine is waiting for us
it is a great gift to see you alive , your majesty
with the communications breakdown , we 've been very concerned
i 'm anxious to hear your report on the situation
may i present supreme chancellor valorum
welcome , your highness
it 's an honor to finally meet you in person
thank you , supreme chancellor
i must relay to you how distressed everyone is over the current situation
i 've called for a special session of the senate to hear your position
i 'm grateful for your concern , chancellor
there is a question of procedure ... but i 'm confident we can overcome it
i must speak with the jedi council immediately
the situation has become much more complicated
ani , come on
da queen 's a being grossly nice , mesa tinks
pitty hot
there is no civility , only politics
the republic is not what it once was
the senate is full of greedy , squabbling delegates
there is no interest in the common good
i must be frank , your majesty
there is little chance the senate will act on the invasion
chancellor valorum seems to think there is hope
if i may say so , your majesty , the chancellor has little real power
he is mired by baseless accusations of corruption
the bureaucrats are in charge now
what options have we ?
our best choice would be to push for the election ... of a stronger supreme chancellor ... one who could control the bureaucrats ... and give us justice
you could call for a vote of no confidence in chancellor valorum
he has been our strongest supporter
our only other choice would be to submit a plea to the courts
the courts take even longer to decide things than the senate
our people are dying , senator
we must do something quickly to stop the federation
to be realistic , your majesty ...
i think we 're going to have to accept federation control ... for the time being
that is something i cannot do
he was trained in the jedi arts
my only conclusion can be that it was a sith lord
impossible
the sith have been extinct for a millennium
i do not believe the sith could have returned without us knowing
hard to see , the dark side is
we will use all our resources to unravel this mystery
we will discover the identity of your attacker
may the force be with you
master qui-gon
more to say have you ?
with your permission , my master ...
i have encountered a vergence in the force
a vergence , you say
located around a person ?
a boy
his cells have the highest concentration of midi-chlorians ...
i have seen in a life form
it is possible he was conceived by the midi-chlorians
you refer to the prophecy of the one who will bring balance to the force
you believe it 's this boy ?
i do n't presume to ...
but you do
revealed your opinion is
i request the boy be tested , master
trained as a jedi you request for him , hmm ?
finding him was the will of the force
i have no doubt of that
bring him before us , then
the boy 's here to see padmé
let him in
i 'm sorry , ani , but padmé 's not here right now
who is it ?
anakin skywalker to see padmé , your highness
i 've sent padmé on an errand
i 'm on my way to the jedi temple ... to start my training , i hope
i may never see her again , so i came to say good bye
we will tell her for you . we are sure her heart goes with you
thank you , your highness
the chair recognizes the senator from the sovereign system of naboo
supreme chancellor , delegates of the senate ... a tragedy has occurred ... which started right here with the taxation of trade routes ... and has now engulfed our entire planet ... in the oppression of the trade federation
this is outrageous !
i object to the senator 's statements
the chair does not recognize the senator from the trade federation at this time
to state our allegations , i present queen amidala ... recently elected ruler of the naboo ... who speaks on our behalf
honorable representatives of the republic ...
i come to you under the gravest of circumstances
the naboo system has been invaded by the droid armies of the trade ...
i object ! there is no proof !
this is incredible
we recommend a commission be sent to naboo to ascertain the truth
the congress of malastare ... concurs with the honorable delegate from the trade federation
a commission must be appointed
the point ...
excuse me , chancellor
enter the bureaucrat
the true rulers of the republic
and on the payroll of the trade federation , i might add
this is where chancellor valorum 's strength will disappear
the point is conceded
will you defer your motion to allow a commission ... to explore the validity of your accusations ?
i will not defer
i 've come before you to resolve this attack on our sovereignty now
i was not elected to watch my people suffer and die ... while you discuss this invasion in a committee
if this body is not capable of action ...
i suggest new leadership is needed
i move for a vote of no confidence ... in chancellor valorum 's leadership
vote now ! vote now !
order !
now they will elect a new chancellor ... a strong chancellor ... one who will not let our tragedy continue
the boy will not pass the council 's test , master . he 's too old
anakin will become a jedi , i promise you
do not defy the council , master , not again
i shall do what i must , obi-wan
if you would just follow the code , you would be on the council
they will not go along with you this time
you still have much to learn , my young apprentice
a ship
a cup
a ship
a speeder
how feel you ?
cold , sir
afraid are you ?
no , sir
see through you we can
be mindful of your feelings
your thoughts dwell on your mother
i miss her
afraid to lose her , i think , mmm ?
what has that got to do with anything ?
everything
fear is the path to the dark side
fear leads to anger . anger leads to hate
hate leads to suffering
i sense much fear in you
yousa tinking yousa people ganna die ?
i do n't know
gungans get pasted too , eh ?
i hope not
gungans no die 'n without a fight
wesa warriors
wesa got a grand army
dat 's why you no liken us , mesa tinks
your highness ?
your highness ...
senator palpatine has been nominated to succeed valorum ... as supreme chancellor
a surprise , to be sure , but a welcome one
your majesty , if i am elected , i promise to put an end to corruption
who else has been nominated ?
bail antilles of alderaan and ainlee teem of malastare
i feel confident our situation will create a strong sympathy vote for us
i will be chancellor
i fear by the time you have control of the bureaucrats , senator ... there 'll be nothing left of our people , our way of life
i understand your concern , your majesty
unfortunately , the federation has possession of our planet
senator , this is your arena
i feel i must return to mine
i 've decided to go back to naboo
go back ?
but , your majesty , be realistic . they 'll force you to sign the treaty
i will sign no treaty , senator
my fate will be no different than that of our people
captain
your highness
ready my ship
please , your majesty
stay here where it 's safe
it is clear to me now that the republic no longer functions
i pray you will bring sanity and compassion back to the senate
the force is strong with him
he is to be trained , then ?
no , he will not be trained
no ?
he is too old
he is the chosen one . you must see it
clouded this boy 's future is
i will train him , then
i take anakin as my padawan learner
an apprentice you have , qui-gon
impossible to take on a second
the code forbids it
obi-wan is ready
i am ready to face the trials
our own counsel we will keep on who is ready
he is headstrong and he has much to learn of the living force ... but he is capable
there is little more he can learn from me
young skywalker 's fate will be decided later
now is not the time for this
the senate is voting for a new supreme chancellor ... and queen amidala is returning home ... which puts pressure on the federation and could widen the confrontation
and draw out the queen 's attacker
go with the queen to naboo and discover the identity of this dark warrior
this is the clue we need ... to unravel the mystery of the sith
may the force be with you
it 's not disrespect , master . it 's the truth
from your point of view
the boy is dangerous . they all sense it . why ca n't you ?
his fate is uncertain . he 's not dangerous
the council will decide anakin 's future
that should be enough for you . now get on board
qui-gon , sir , i do n't want to be a problem
you wo n't be , ani
i 'm not allowed to train you ... so i want you to watch me and be mindful
always remember :
your focus determines your reality
stay close to me and you 'll be safe
master , sir ...
i heard yoda talking about midi-chlorians
i 've been wondering ...
what are midi-chlorians ?
midi-chlorians are a microscopic life form ... that resides within all living cells
they live inside me ?
inside your cells , yes
and we are symbionts with them
symbionts ?
life forms living together for mutual advantage
without the midi-chlorians , life could not exist ... and we would have no knowledge of the force
they continually speak to us ... telling us the will of the force
when you learn to quiet your mind ... you 'll hear them speaking to you
i do n't understand
with time and training , ani , you will . you will
your majesty , it is our pleasure to continue to serve and protect you
i welcome your help
senator palpatine fears that the federation means to destroy me
i assure you i will not allow that to happen
wesa goin' home !
come on , r2
is the planet secure ?
we have taken over the last pockets of primitive life forms
we are in complete control of the planet now
i will see to it that in the senate ... things stay as they are
i am sending my apprentice , darth maul , to join you
yes , my lord
a sith here ?
those are the forward stabilizers
and those two control the pitch ?
you catch on pretty quick
as soon as we land ... the federation will arrest you and force you to sign the treaty
i agree
i 'm not sure what you wish to accomplish by this
i will take back what 's ours
there are too few of us , your highness
we have no army
and i can only protect you
i ca n't fight a war for you
jar jar binks
mesa , your highness ?
yes . i need your help
i have one battleship on my scope
it 's a droid control ship
they 've probably spotted us
we have n't much time
jar jar is on his way to the gungan city , master
good
do you think the queen 's idea will work ?
the gungans will not be easily swayed
and we cannot use our power to help her
i 'm sorry for my behavior , master
it 's not my place to disagree with you about the boy
and i am grateful you think i 'm ready to take the trials
you 've been a good apprentice , obi-wan
and you 're a much wiser man than i am
i foresee you will become a great jedi knight
desa nobody dare !
the gungan city is deserted !
some kinda fight , mesa tinks
do you think they have been taken to the camps ?
more likely they were wiped out
mesa no tink so
do you know where they are , jar jar ?
when in trouble , gungans go to sacred place
mesa show you . come on . mesa show you !
your honor , queen amidala of the naboo
heyo dadee big boss nass , your honor
jar jar binks
who 's da uss-en uthers ?
i am queen amidala of the naboo
i come before you in peace
ah , naboo biggen
yousa bringen da mackineeks
yousa all bombad
we have searched you out because we wish to form an alliance
your honor
whosa dis ?
i am queen amidala
this is my decoy ... my protection , my loyal bodyguard
i 'm sorry for my deception , but it was necessary to protect myself
although we do not always agree , your honor ... our two great societies have always lived in peace
the trade federation has destroyed all that we have worked so hard to build
if we do not act quickly , all will be lost forever
i ask you to help us
no , i beg you to help us
we are your humble servants
our fate is in your hands
yousa no tinken yousa greater den da gungans ?
mesa lika dis !
maybe ... wesa ... being friends
we 've sent our patrols
we already located their starship in the swamp
it wo n't be long , my lord
this is an unexpected move for her
it 's too aggressive
lord maul , be mindful
let them make the first move
yes , my master
deysa comin !
all right !
they 're here !
good . they made it
yousa doen grand
jar jar bring uss-en and da naboo together
oh , no , no , no
so , wesa make you ... bombad general
general ?
captain
your highness
what is the situation ?
almost everyone 's in camps
a few hundred police and guards have formed an underground resistance movement
i brought back as many of the leaders as i could
the federation army 's also much larger than we thought ... and much stronger
your highness , this is a battle i do not think that we can win
the battle is a diversion
the gungans must draw the droid army away from the cities . r2 . we can enter the city using the secret passages on the waterfall side
once we get to the main entrance ...
captain panaka will create a diversion
then we can enter the palace and capture the viceroy
without the viceroy , they will be lost and confused
what do you think , master jedi ?
the viceroy will be well guarded
the difficulty is getting into the throne room
once we 're inside , we should n't have a problem
there is a possibility , with this diversion , many gungans will be killed
wesa ready to do our-san part
we have a plan which should immobilize the droid army
we will send what pilots we have ... to knock out the droid control ship orbiting the planet
a well conceived plan . however , there 's great risk
the weapons on your fighters may not penetrate the shields
there 's an even bigger danger
if the viceroy escapes , your highness ... he will return with another droid army
well , that is why we must not fail to get the viceroy
everything depends on it
she is more foolish than i thought
we are sending all troops to meet this army assembling near the swamp
it appears to be made up of primitives
this will work to our advantage
i have your approval to proceed , then , my lord ?
wipe them out
all of them
halt !
starting up the shield
open fire
once we get inside , you find a safe place to hide and stay there
sure
stay there
roger , roger
i thought the battle was going to take place far from here
this is too close
ani , find cover
quick !
get to your ships !
fighters straight ahead
roger , bravo leader
roger , bravo leader
cease fire
steady . steady
activate the droids
yes , sir
ouch time
fire !
my guess is the viceroy 's in the throne room
red group ! blue group !
everybody , this way !
hey , wait for me !
anakin , stay where you are . you 'll be safe there
but i ...
stay in that cockpit
we 'll handle this
we 'll take the long way
we gotta do something , r2
i 'm trying to ! i do n't know where the trigger is !
oops , wrong one . maybe it 's this one
nope . wait . here it is
let 's go !
it 's on automatic pilot
try to override it
we do n't have time for this , captain
look , there they are
that 's where the autopilot 's taking us
dumb droid . take that !
get off ! get off ! get off !
get off !
the deflector shield is too strong
this is tense !
r2 , get us off this autopilot
it 's gonna get us both killed
you did it , r2 !
let 's go left
go back ?
qui-gon told me to stay in this cockpit , so that 's what i 'm gonna do
i 'll try spinning . that 's a good trick
i know we 're in trouble . just hang on
go !
ascension guns !
retreat ! retreat !
dis is nutsen
uh-oh . big boomers
give me a lift !
jar jar , usen da booma !
what ?
mesa no have a booma !
here . taken dis one
jar jar !
jump , jar jar , jump !
put down your weapons . they win this round
we 're hit , r2 !
i 'm trying to stop ! i 'm trying to stop !
everything 's overheated
oops . this is not good
no giben up , general jar jar
mesa think of something
hands up
my give up . my give up
your little insurrection is at an end , your highness
time for you to sign the treaty ... and end this pointless debate in the senate
viceroy !
your occupation here has ended
after her . this one 's a decoy
captain !
jam the doors
now , viceroy , we will discuss a new treaty
yes ! we have power . shields up
take this !
and this !
oops
we 're losing power
there seems to be a problem with the main reactor
impossible !
nothing can get through our shield
let 's get outta here
what 's that ?
it 's blowing up from the inside !
we did n't hit it
now , this is podracing
look , one of ours , out of the main hold !
what the ...
was 'n they doing ?
the control ship has been destroyed . look !
they all broke-ed
no , it 's too late
no
obi-wan
promise ...
promise me you will train the boy
yes , master
he is the chosen one
he will bring balance
train him
now , viceroy ... you 're going to have to go back to the senate and explain all this
i think you can kiss your trade franchise good-bye
we are indebted to you for your bravery , obi-wan kenobi
and you , young skywalker
we will watch your career with great interest
congratulations on your election , chancellor
your boldness has saved our people , your majesty
it 's you who should be congratulated
together we shall bring peace and prosperity to the republic
confer on you the level of jedi knight the council does
but agree with your taking this boy as your padawan learner ...
i do not
qui-gon believed in him
the chosen one the boy may be
nevertheless ... grave danger i fear in his training
master yoda , i gave qui-gon my word
i will train anakin
without the approval of the council , if i must
qui-gon 's defiance i sense in you
need that you do not
agree with you the council does
your apprentice skywalker will be
what will happen to me now ?
the council have granted me permission to train you
you will be a jedi , i promise
there 's no doubt the mysterious warrior was a sith
always two there are
no more , no less
a master and an apprentice
but which was destroyed ?
the master or the apprentice ?
hidoe , everybody !
peace !
senator , we 're making our final approach into coruscant
very good , lieutenant
we made it
i guess i was wrong
there was no danger at all
cord
milady , i 'm so sorry
i 've failed you , senator
no
milady , you 're still in danger here
i should n't have come back
this vote is very important . you did your duty
cord did hers . now , come
senator amidala , please
i do n't know how much longer i can hold off the vote , my friends
more and more star systems are joining the separatists
if they do break away ...
i will not let this republic that has stood for a thousand years ... be split in two
my negotiations will not fail
if they do , you must realize ... there are n't enough jedi to protect the republic
we 're keepers of the peace , not soldiers
master yoda ... do you think it will really come to war ?
the dark side clouds everything
impossible to see the future is
the loyalist committee has arrived , your honor
good
send them in
we will discuss this matter later
senator amidala , your tragedy on the landing platform ... terrible
seeing you alive brings warm feelings to my heart
do you have any idea who was behind this attack ?
our intelligence points to disgruntled spice miners on the moons of naboo
i think that count dooku was behind it
he is a political idealist , not a murderer
you know , milady , count dooku was once a jedi
he could n't assassinate anyone
it 's not in his character
but for certain , senator ... in grave danger you are
master jedi , may i suggest ... the senator be placed under the protection of your graces ?
do you really think that 's a wise decision under these stressful times ?
chancellor , if i may comment , i do not believe ...
the situation is that serious ?
no , but i do , senator
i realize all too well that additional security ... might be disruptive for you ... but perhaps someone you 're familiar with
an old friend , like master kenobi
that 's possible
he 's just returned from a border dispute on ansion
do it for me , milady . please ?
the thought of losing you ... is unbearable
i will have obi-wan report to you immediately , milady
thank you , master windu
you seem a little on edge
not at all
i have n't felt you this tense since we fell into that nest of gundarks
you fell into that nightmare , master ... and i rescued you , remember ?
oh ... yes
you 're sweating . relax . take a deep breath
i have n't seen her in ten years , master
obi ?
obi !
mesa so smilen to seein yousa !
good to see you again , jarjar
senator padmé
mesa palos here ! lookie , lookie , senator
desa jedi arriven
it 's a great pleasure to see you again , milady
it has been far too long , master kenobi
ani ?
my goodness , you 've grown
so have you
grown more beautiful , i mean
well , for a senator , i mean
ani , you 'll always be that little boy i knew on tatooine
our presence here will be invisible , milady , i can assure you
i 'm captain typho of her majesty 's security service
queen jamillia has been informed of your assignment
i am grateful you are here , master kenobi
the situation is more dangerous than the senator will admit
i do n't need more security . i need answers
i want to know who 's trying to kill me
we are here to protect you , senator , not to start an investigation
we will find out who 's trying to kill you , padmé . i promise you
we will not exceed our mandate , my young padawan learner
i meant that in the interest of protecting her , master , of course
we will not go through this exercise again , anakin ... and you will pay attention to my lead
why ?
what ?
why else do you think we were assigned to her if not to find the killer ?
protection is a job for local security , not jedi
it 's overkill , master . investigation is implied in our mandate
we will do exactly as the council has instructed
and you will learn your place , young one
perhaps with merely your presence ... the mystery surrounding this threat will be revealed
now , if you 'll excuse me ...
i will retire
i know i 'll feel better having you here
i 'll have an officer stationed on every floor ... and i 'll be in the control center downstairs
mesa busten wit happiness seeing yousa again , ani
she hardly even recognized me , jarjar
i 've thought about her every day since we parted and ... she 's forgotten me completely
shesa happy . happier den mesa seeing her in a longo time
you 're focusing on the negative , anakin . be mindful of your thoughts
she was pleased to see us
now , let 's check the security
i hit the ship , but they used a decoy
we 'll have to try something more subtle this time , zam
my client is getting impatient
take these . be careful . they 're very poisonous
and , zam , there can be no mistakes this time
captain typho has more than enough men downstairs
no assassin would try that way
any activity up here ?
quiet as a tomb
i do n't like just waiting here for something to happen to her
what 's going on ?
she covered the cameras . i do n't think she liked me watching her
what is she thinking ?
she programmed r2 to warn us if there is an intruder
there are many other ways to kill a senator
i know , but we also want to catch this assassin , do n't we , master ?
you 're using her as bait
it was her idea
do n't worry . no harm will come to her
i can sense everything going on in that room
trust me
it 's too risky
besides , your senses are n't that attuned , my young apprentice
and yours are ?
possibly
you look tired
i do n't sleep well anymore
because of your mother ?
i do n't know why i keep dreaming about her
dreams pass in time
i 'd much rather dream about padmé
just being around her again is ... intoxicating
be mindful of your thoughts , anakin . they betray you
you 've made a commitment to the jedi order ... a commitment not easily broken
and do n't forget , she 's a politician . they 're not to be trusted
she 's not like the others in the senate , master
it is my experience that senators focus ... only on pleasing those who fund their campaigns ... and they 're in no means scared of forgetting the niceties of democracy ...
in order to get those funds . -- not another lecture
at least not on the economics of politics
and besides , you 're generalizing
the chancellor does n't appear to be corrupt
palpatine is a politician
i have observed that he is very clever ... in following the passions and the prejudices of the senators
i think he 's a good man ...
i sense it too
stay here !
are you all right , milady ?
what the ...
what took you so long ?
oh , you know , master . -- i could n't find a speeder i liked ...
there he is
with the open cockpit and the right speed capabilities
if you spent as long practicing your saber techniques as you do your wit ... you would rival master yoda as a swordsman
i thought i already did
only in your mind , my very young apprentice
pull up , anakin . pull up !
you know i do n't like it when you do that
sorry , master . i forgot you do n't like flying
i do n't mind flying , but what you 're doing is suicide !
how many times have i told you ... stay away from power couplings !
that was good !
where are you going ?
he went that way
master , if we keep this chase going any longer ... that creep is gonna end up deep fried ... and , personally , i 'd like to find out who he is and who he 's working for
this is a shortcut ...
i think
well , you 've lost him
i 'm deeply sorry , master
that was some shortcut , anakin . he went completely the other way
once again you 've proved ...
i hate it when he does that
anakin !
she went into the club , master
patience . -- use the force . think
sorry , master
he went in there to hide , not to run
yes , master
next time , try not to lose it
yes , master
this weapon is your life
i try , master
why do i get the feeling you 're going to be the death of me ?
do n't say that , master . you 're the closest thing i have to a father
then why do n't you listen to me ?
i am trying
can you see him ?
i think he is a she ... and i think she is a changeling
in that case , be extra careful
go and find her
where are you going , master ?
for a drink
thank you
you wanna buy some death sticks ?
you do n't want to sell me death sticks
i do n't want to sell you death sticks
you want to go home and rethink your life
i want to go home and rethink my life
easy
jedi business . go back to your drinks
do you know who it was you were trying to kill ?
it was a senator from naboo
and who hired you ?
it was just a job
who hired you ?
tell us
tell us now !
it was a bounty hunter called ...
toxic dart
track down this bounty hunter you must , obi-wan
most importantly , find out who he 's working for
what about senator amidala ? she will still need protecting
handle that your padawan will
anakin , escort the senator back to her home planet of naboo
she 'll be safer there
and do n't use registered transport . travel as refugees
as the leader of the opposition , it will be very difficult ... to get senator amidala to leave the capital
until caught this killer is ... our judgment she must respect
anakin , go to the senate ... and ask chancellor palpatine to speak with her about this matter
i will talk with her
senator amidala will not refuse an executive order
i know her well enough to assure you of that
thank you , your excellency
and so , they 've finally given you an assignment
your patience has paid off
your guidance more than my patience
you do n't need guidance , anakin
in time , you will learn to trust your feelings
then you will be invincible
i have said it many times :
you are the most gifted jedi i have ever met
thank you , your excellency
i see you becoming the greatest of all the jedi , anakin ... even more powerful than master yoda
i am concerned for my padawan
he is not ready to be given this assignment on his own yet
the council is confident in its decision , obi-wan
the boy has exceptional skills
but he still has much to learn , master
his abilities have made him , well , arrogant
yes . a flaw more and more common among jedi
too sure of themselves they are
even the older , more experienced ones
remember , obi-wan , if the prophecy is true ... your apprentice is the only one who can bring the force back into balance
i 'm taking an extended leave of absence
it will be your responsibility to take my place in the senate
representative binks , i know i can count on you
mesa honored to be taking on dissa heavy burden
mesa accept this with muy , muy humility and ...
jarjar , i do n't wish to hold you up
i 'm sure you have a great deal to do
of course
milady
i do not like this idea of hiding
do n't worry
now that the council has ordered an investigation ... it wo n't take master obi-wan long to find this bounty hunter
i have n't worked for a year to defeat the military creation act ... to not be here when its fate is decided
sometimes we must let go of our pride ... and do what is requested of us
anakin , you 've grown up
master obi-wan manages not to see it
do n't get me wrong
as wise as master yoda and ... as powerful as master windu
i am truly thankful to be his apprentice
in some ways ... a lot of ways ...
i 'm really ahead of him
i 'm ready for the trials ... but he feels that i 'm too unpredictable
he wo n't let me move on
that must be frustrating . -- it 's worse
he 's overly critical . he never listens
he does n't understand
all mentors have a way of seeing more of our faults than we would like
it 's the only way we grow
i know
anakin ... do n't try to grow up too fast
but i am grown up
you said it yourself
please do n't look at me like that
why not ?
it makes me feel uncomfortable
sorry , milady
be safe , milady
thank you , captain
take good care of dormé . the threat 's on you two now
he 'll be safe with me
you 'll be fine
it 's not me , milady . i worry about you
what if they realize you 've left the capital ?
well , then my jedi protector will have to prove how good he is
anakin ... do n't do anything without first consulting either myself or the council
yes , master
i 'll get to the bottom of this plot quickly , milady
you 'll be back here in no time
i 'll be most grateful for your speed , master jedi
it 's time to go
i know
anakin , may the force be with you
may the force be with you , master
suddenly i 'm afraid
this is my first assignment on my own
do n't worry . we have r2 with us
i do hope he does n't try anything foolish
i 'd be more concerned about her doing something than him
someone to see ya , honey !
jedi , by the looks of him
obi-wan !
hello , dex
take a seat . i 'll be right with ya
you wanna cup o' jawa juice ?
oh , yes . thank you
old buddy !
so , my friend , what can i do for ya ?
you can tell me what this is
well , whattaya know !
i ai n't seen one of these since i was prospectin' ... on subterrel , beyond the outer rim
can you tell me where it came from ?
this baby belongs to them cloners
what you got here is a kamino saberdart
i wonder why it did n't show up in the analysis archives
it 's these funny little cuts on the side that give it away
those analysis droids only focus on symbols
i should think that you jedi would have more respect ... for the difference between knowledge and ... wisdom
well , if droids could think ... there 'd be none of us here , would there ?
kamino . i 'm not familiar with it
is it in the republic ?
no , no . it 's beyond the outer rim
i 'd say about 12 parsecs outside the rishi maze
should be easy to find , even for those droids in your archives
these kaminoans keep to themselves
they 're cloners . damn good ones too
cloners
are they friendly ? -- depends
depends on what , dex ?
on how good your manners are ... and how big your ... pocketbook is
did you call for assistance ?
yes , i did
are you having a problem , master kenobi ?
yes , i 'm looking for a planetary system called kamino
kamino . -- it does n't show up on the archive charts
kamino . it 's not a system i 'm familiar with
are you sure you have the right coordinates ?
according to my information , it should appear in this quadrant here ... just south of the rishi maze
i hate to say it , but it looks like the system you 're searching for ... does n't exist
impossible . perhaps the archives are incomplete
if an item does not appear in our records ... it does not exist
hey , you !
no droids ! get outta here !
thank you , r2
must be difficult , having sworn your life to the jedi ... not being able to visit the places you like or do the things you like
or be with the people that i love
are you allowed to love ?
i thought that was forbidden for a jedi
attachment is forbidden
possession is forbidden
compassion , which i would define as unconditional love ... is central to a jedi 's life
so you might say that we are encouraged to love
you 've changed so much
you have n't changed a bit
you 're exactly the way i remember you in my dreams
reach out . sense the force around you
use your feelings you must
younglings
younglings !
a visitor we have
hello , master obi-wan
hello . i 'm sorry to disturb you , master
what help can i be , obi-wan ?
i 'm looking for a planet described to me by an old friend
i trust him , but the systems do n't show on the archive maps
lost a planet master obi-wan has . how embarrassing !
liam , the shades
gather round the map reader
clear your minds ... and find obi-wan 's wayward planet we will
it ought to be here ... but it is n't
gravity is pulling all the stars in the area towards this spot
gravity 's silhouette remains ... but the star and all the planets ... disappeared they have
how can this be ?
a thought ?
anyone
master ?
because someone erased it from the archive memory
truly wonderful the mind of a child is
the padawan is right
go to the center of gravity 's pull ... and find your planet you will
the data must have been erased
but who could empty information from the archives ?
is n't that impossible ?
dangerous and disturbing this puzzle is
only a jedi could have erased those files
but who and why , harder to answer
meditate on this i will
i was n't the youngest queen ever elected ... but now that i think back on it ,
i 'm not sure i was old enough . i 'm not sure i was ready
the people you served thought you did a good job
i heard they even tried to amend the constitution ... so you could stay in office
i was relieved when my two terms were up
but when the queen asked me to serve as senator ...
i could n't refuse her
i agree with her . i think the republic needs you
i 'm glad that you chose to serve
if the senate votes to create an army , it 's sure to push us into a civil war
it 's unthinkable !
there has n't been a full scale war since the formation of the republic
do you see any way through negotiations ... to bring the separatists back into the republic ?
not if they feel threatened
they 'll turn to the trade federations or the commerce guilds for help
it 's outrageous ... but after four trials in the supreme court ...
nute gunray is still the viceroy of the trade federation
i fear the senate is powerless to resolve this crisis
we must keep our faith in the republic
the day we stop believing democracy can work is the day we lose it
let 's pray that day never comes
in the meantime , we must consider your own safety
what is your suggestion , master jedi ?
anakin 's not a jedi yet
he 's still a padawan learner
but i was thinking ... -- hold on a minute
excuse me . i was thinking i would stay in the lake country
there are some places up there that are very isolated
excuse me
i 'm in charge of security here , milady
and this is my home
i know it very well . that is why we 're here
i think it would be wise ... if you took advantage of my knowledge in this instance
sorry , milady
perfect . it 's settled , then
there it is , r4 , right where it should be
our missing planet kamino
master jedi
the prime minister is expecting you
i 'm expected ?
of course
he is anxious to meet you
after all these years ... we were beginning to think you were n't coming
may i present lama su ... prime minister of kamino
and this is master jedi ...
obi-wan kenobi
i trust you 're going to enjoy your stay
please . and now to business
you will be delighted to hear that we are on schedule
200,000 units are ready ... with a million more well on the way
that 's good news
please tell your master sifo-dyas ... that his order will be met on time
i 'm sorry
master ...
jedi master sifo-dyas is still ... a leading member of the jedi council , is he not ?
master sifo-dyas was killed almost ten years ago
i 'm so sorry to hear that
but i 'm sure he would have been proud of the army we 've built for him
the army ?
yes , a clone army , and i must say ... one of the finest we 've ever created
tell me , prime minister ... when my master first contacted you about the army ... did he say who it was for ?
of course he did
this army is for the republic
but you must be anxious to inspect the units for yourself
that 's why i 'm here
we used to come here for school retreat
we would swim to that island every day
i love the water
we used to lie out on the sand and let the sun dry us ... and try to guess the names of the birds singing
i do n't like sand
it 's coarse and rough and irritating ... and it gets everywhere
not like here
here , everything is soft ... and smooth
no . i should n't have done that
i 'm sorry
very impressive
i 'd hoped you would be pleased
clones can think creatively
you will find that they are immensely superior to droids
we take great pride in our combat education and training programs
this group was created about five years ago
you mentioned growth acceleration
oh , yes , it 's essential
otherwise , a mature clone would take a lifetime to grow
now we can do it in half the time
i see
they are totally obedient ... taking any order without question
we modified their genetic structure ... to make them less independent than the original host
and who was the original host ?
a bounty hunter called jango fett
and where is this bounty hunter now ?
oh , we keep him here
apart from his pay , which is considerable ...
fett demanded only one thing :
an unaltered clone for himself
curious , is n't it ?
" unaltered " ?
pure genetic replication
no tampering with the structure to make it more docile ... and no growth acceleration
i should very much like to meet this jango fett
i would be very happy to arrange it for you
magnificent , are n't they ?
i do n't know
sure you do . you just do n't want to tell me
you gonna use one of your jedi mind tricks on me ?
they only work on the weak minded
all right
i was 12 . his name was palo
we were both in the legislative youth program
he was a few years older than i . very cute
dark , curly hair . dreamy eyes
all right , i get the picture
whatever happened to him ?
i went into public service . he went on to become an artist
maybe he was the smart one
you really do n't like politicians , do you ?
i like two or three ... but i 'm not really sure about one of them
i do n't think the system works
how would you have it work ?
we need a system where the politicians ... sit down and discuss the problem ... agree what 's in the best interest of all the people ... and then do it
that 's exactly what we do
the trouble is that people do n't always agree
well , then they should be made to
by whom ? who 's gonna make them ?
i do n't know . someone
you ?
of course not me
but someone
someone wise
sounds an awful lot like a dictatorship to me
well , if it works
you 're making fun of me
no . i 'd be much too frightened to tease a senator
ani , are you all right ?
boba , is your father here ?
yep
may we see him ?
sure
dad , taun we 's here
jango , welcome back
was your trip productive ?
fairly
this is jedi master obi-wan kenobi
he 's come to check on our progress
your clones are very impressive
i 'm just a simple man trying to make my way in the universe
ever made your way as far into the interior as coruscant ?
once or twice
possibly
then you must know master sifo-dyas
boba , rood eht so-heeck
master who ?
sifo-dyas
is he not the jedi who hired you for this job ?
never heard of him
really ?
i was recruited by a man called tyranus on one of the moons of bogden
curious
do you like your army ?
i look forward to seeing them in action
they 'll do their job well . i 'll guarantee that
thank you for your time , jango
always a pleasure to meet a jedi
what is it , dad ?
pack your things
and when i got to them , we went into aggressive negotiations
" aggressive negotiations " ?
what 's that ?
well , negotiations with a lightsaber
if master obi-wan caught me doing this , he 'd be very grumpy
from the moment i met you ... all those years ago ... not a day has gone by when i have n't thought of you
and now that i 'm with you again ...
i 'm in agony
the closer i get to you , the worse it gets
the thought of not being with you ...
i ca n't breathe
i 'm haunted by the kiss ... that you should never have given me
my heart is beating ... hoping that that kiss will not become a scar
you are in my very soul ... tormenting me
what can i do ?
i will do anything that you ask
if you are suffering as much as i am , please , tell me
i ca n't
we ca n't . it 's ... just not possible
anything is possible , padmé
listen to me . no , you listen
we live in a real world . come back to it
you 're studying to become a jedi
if you follow your thoughts through to conclusion ... it'll take us to a place we cannot go ... regardless of the way we feel about each other
then you do feel something
i will not let you give up your future for me
you are asking me to be rational
that is something i know i cannot do
believe me , i wish that i could just wish away my feelings ... but i ca n't
i will not give in to this
well , you know ... it would n't have to be that way
we could keep it a secret
we 'd be living a lie ... one we could n't keep even if we wanted to
i could n't do that
could you , anakin ?
no . you 're right
it would destroy us
tell your council that the first battalions are ready
and remind them , if they need more troops ... it will take more time to grow them
i wo n't forget , and thank you
thank you
r4 !
scramble code five to coruscant , care of the old folks ' home !
i have successfully made contact with the prime minister of kamino
they are using a bounty hunter named jango fett to create a clone army
i have a strong feeling that this bounty hunter ... is the assassin we are looking for
do you think these cloners are involved ... in the plot to assassinate senator amidala ?
no , master . there appears to be no motive
do not assume anything , obi-wan
clear your mind must be ... if you are to discover the real villains behind this plot
yes , master
they say master sifo-dyas placed an order for a clone army ... at the request of the senate almost ten years ago
i was under the impression he was killed before that
did the council ever authorize the creation of a clone army ?
no
whoever placed that order ... did not have the authorization of the jedi council
bring him here . question him we will
yes , master . i will report back when i have him
blind we are if creation of this clone army ... we could not see
i think it is time we informed the senate ... that our ability to use the force has diminished
only the dark lord of the sith knows of our weakness
if informed the senate is ... multiply our adversaries will
mom , no
do n't go
i do n't want to disturb you
your presence is soothing
you had another nightmare last night
jedi do n't have nightmares
i heard you
i saw my mother
she is suffering , padmé
i saw her as clearly as i see you now
she is in pain
i know i 'm disobeying my mandate to protect you , senator ... but i have to go
i have to help her
i 'll go with you
i 'm sorry . i do n't have a choice
dad , look !
boba , get on board !
oh , not good
wait right there
chut-chut , watto
let me help you with that
what ?
what do you want ?
wait ! you 're a jedi !
whatever it is , i did n't do it
i 'm looking for shmi skywalker
ani ?
little ani ?
you are ani !
you sure sprouted , huh ?
a jedi !
whattaya know !
maybe you could help with some deadbeats who owe me a lot of money
my mother
oh , yeah . shmi
she 's not mine ... a no more-a
i sold her
you sold her ?
years ago . sorry , ani , but you know , business is business
i sold her to a moisture farmer named lars
at least i think it was lars
believe it or not , i heard he freed her and married her !
can ya beat that , eh ?
do you know where they are now ?
long way from here
someplace over on the other side of mos eisley , i think
i 'd like to know
sure . absolutely !
let 's go look at my records , huh ?
dad !
i think we 're being tracked !
he must have put a homing device on our hull
we 'll move into the asteroid field ... and we 'll have a couple of surprises for him
seismic charges ! stand by
he does n't seem to take a hint , this guy
watch out !
get him , dad !
fire !
blast !
this is why i hate flying !
we got him !
we 'll just have to finish him
r4 , prepare to jettison the spare part canisters
fire them now !
we wo n't be seeing him again
well , r4 , i think we 've waited long enough
there 's an unusual concentration of federation ships over there , r4
stay with the ship , r2
hello . i am c ... 3po ?
the maker !
master ani !
i knew you would return
i knew it ! and miss padmé . oh , my
hello , 3po
bless my circuits ! i 'm so pleased to see you both
i 've come to see my mother
i think perhaps we 'd better go indoors
master owen , might i present two most important visitors
i 'm anakin skywalker
owen lars . -- this is my girlfriend , beru . -- hello
i 'm padmé
i guess i 'm your stepbrother
i had a feeling you might show up someday
is my mother here ?
no , she 's not
cliegg lars . shmi is my wife
we should go inside
we have a lot to talk about
it was just before dawn
they came out of nowhere . a hunting party of tusken raiders
your mother had gone out early , like she always did ... to pick mushrooms that grow on the vaporators
from the tracks , she was about halfway home ... when they took her
those tuskens walk like men ... but they 're vicious , mindless monsters
thirty of us went out after her . four of us came back
i 'd be out there with them , but after i lost my leg ...
i just could n't ride anymore until i heal
i do n't want to give up on her ... but she 's been gone a month
there 's little hope she 's lasted this long
where are you going ?
to find my mother
your mother 's dead , son . accept it
you 're gonna have to stay here
these are good people , padmé . you 'll be safe
anakin ...
i wo n't be long
we must persuade the commerce guild ... and the corporate alliance to sign the treaty
what about the senator from naboo ?
is she dead yet ?
i am not signing your treaty until i have her head on my desk
i am a man of my word , viceroy
with these new battle droids we 've built for you ... you 'll have the finest army in the galaxy
as i explained to you earlier ...
i am quite convinced that 10,000 more systems ... will rally to our cause with your support , gentlemen
what you are proposing could be construed as treason
the techno union army ... is at your disposal , count
the banking clan will sign your treaty
good . very good
our friends from the trade federation have pledged their support ... and when their battle droids are combined with yours ... we shall have an army greater than any in the galaxy
the jedi will be overwhelmed
the republic will agree to any demands we make
mom ?
mom ?
ani ?
is it you ?
i 'm here , mom
you 're safe
ani ? ani ?
you look so handsome
my son
my grown up son
i 'm so proud of you , ani
i missed you
now i am complete
i love y ...
stay with me , mom
everything ...
i love ...
anakin !
no !
what is it ?
pain , suffering ... death i feel
something terrible has happened
young skywalker is in pain ... terrible pain
the transmitter is working , but we 're not receiving a return signal
coruscant 's too far . r4 , can you boost the power ?
we 'll have to try something else
maybe we can contact anakin on naboo
it 's much closer
anakin , do you copy ?
this is obi-wan kenobi . anakin ?
he 's not on naboo , r4
i 'm going to try and widen the range
i do hope nothing 's happened to him
that 's anakin 's tracking signal , all right ... but it 's coming from tatooine
what in the blazes is he doing there ?
i told him to stay on naboo
we have n't got much time
anakin , do you copy ?
this is obi-wan kenobi
retransmit this message ...
anakin , do you copy ?
my long range transmitter has been knocked out
retransmit this message to coruscant
i brought you something
are you hungry ?
the shifter broke
life seems so much simpler when you 're fixing things
i 'm good at fixing things
always was . but i could n't ...
why 'd she have to die ?
why could n't i save her ?
i know i could have !
sometimes there are things no one can fix
you 're not all powerful , ani
well , i should be !
someday i will be
i will be the most powerful jedi ever
i promise you
i will even learn to stop people from dying
anakin
it 's all obi-wan 's fault !
he 's jealous !
he 's holding me back !
what 's wrong , ani ?
i killed them
i killed them all
they 're dead
every single one of them
and not just the men ... but the women ... and the children too
they 're like animals ... and i slaughtered them like animals !
i hate them !
to be angry is to be human
i 'm a jedi
i know i 'm better than this
i know wherever you are it 's become a better place
you were the most loving partner a man could ever have
good-bye , my darling wife
and thank you
i was n't strong enough to save you , mom
i was n't strong enough
but i promise i wo n't fail again
i miss you ... so much
what are you doing here ?
it seems that he is carrying a message from an obi-wan kenobi
master ani , does that name mean anything to you ?
anakin , my long range transmitter has been knocked out
retransmit this message to coruscant
i have tracked the bounty hunter , jango fett ... to the droid foundries on geonosis
the trade federation is to take delivery of a droid army here ... and it is clear that viceroy gunray ... is behind the assassination attempts on senator amidala
the commerce guilds and the corporate alliance ... have both pledged their armies to count dooku and are forming ...
wait
more happening on geonosis , i feel , than has been revealed
i agree
we will deal with count dooku
the most important thing for you is to stay where you are
protect the senator at all costs
that is your first priority
understood , master
they 'll never get there in time to save him
they have to come halfway across the galaxy
look . geonosis is less than a parsec away
if he 's still alive
are you just gonna sit here and let him die ?
he 's your friend , your mentor
he 's like my father !
but you heard master windu . he gave me strict orders to stay here
he gave you strict orders to protect me ... and i 'm going to help obi-wan
if you plan to protect me , you 'll just have to come along
i 'm not worried , r2 . it 's just i 've never flown before
the commerce guilds are preparing for war . there can be no doubt of that
count dooku must have made a treaty with them
the debate is over
now we need that clone army
unfortunately , the debate is not over
the senate will never approve the use of clones ... before the separatists attack
this is a crisis
the senate must vote the chancellor emergency powers
he can then approve the creation of an army
but what senator would have the courage ... to propose such a radical amendment ?
if only senator amidala were here
traitor
oh , no , my friend . this is a mistake , a terrible mistake
they have gone too far
this is madness
i thought you were the leader here , dooku
this had nothing to do with me , i assure you
i will petition immediately to have you set free
well , i hope it does n't take too long . i have work to do
may i ask why a jedi knight ... is all the way out here on geonosis ?
i 've been tracking a bounty hunter named jango fett
do you know him ?
there are no bounty hunters here that i am aware of
the geonosians do n't trust them
who can blame them ? but he is here , i can assure you
it 's a great pity our paths have never crossed before , obi-wan
qui-gon always spoke very highly of you
i wish he were still alive
i could use his help right now
qui-gon jinn would never join you
do n't be so sure , my young jedi
you forget that he was once my apprentice ... just as you were once his
he knew all about the corruption in the senate ... but he would n't have gone along with it if he had learned the truth as i have
the truth ?
the truth
what if i told you that the republic was now under the control ... of the dark lord of the sith ?
no , that 's not possible . the jedi would be aware of it
the dark side of the force has clouded their vision , my friend
hundreds of senators are now under the influence ... of a sith lord called darth sidious
i do n't believe you
the viceroy of the trade federation ... was once in league with this darth sidious ... but he was betrayed ten years ago by the dark lord
he came to me for help . he told me everything
you must join me , obi-wan ... and together we will destroy the sith !
i will never join you , dooku
it may be difficult to secure your release
it 's-a clear desa separatists made a pact ... wesa desa federation du trade
senators , " dellow felagates " :
in response to this direct threat to the republic ... mesa propose that the senate ... give immediately emergency powers ... to the supreme chancellor
palpatine ! palpatine !
order !
we shall have order !
it is with great reluctance ... that i have agreed to this calling
i love democracy
i love the republic
the power you give me ...
i will lay down when this crisis has abated
and as my first act with this new authority ...
i will create a grand army of the republic ... to counter the increasing threats of the separatists
it is done , then
i will take what jedi we have left and go to geonosis and help obi-wan
visit i will the cloners on kamino ... and see this army they have created for the republic
see those columns of steam straight ahead ?
they 're exhaust vents of some type
that 'll do
look , whatever happens out there , follow my lead
i 'm not interested in getting into a war here
as a member of the senate ... maybe i can find a diplomatic solution to this mess
do n't worry . i 've given up trying to argue with you
my obtuse little friend , if they had needed our help ... they would have asked for it
you obviously have a great deal to learn about human behavior
for a mechanic , you seem to do an excessive amount of thinking
i am programmed to understand humans !
" what does that mean ? " that means i am in charge here !
where are you going now ?
you do n't know what 's out there
have you no sense at all ?
idiot !
please wait
do you know where you 're going ?
wait
oh , my goodness !
shut me down !
machines making machines
how perverse !
calm down , r2 !
i almost fell
you 'll get your chance ...
i 'm scrap
it 's a nightmare !
i want to go home !
what did i do to deserve this ?
i wonder what happened to poor little r2
he 's always getting himself into trouble
oh , no !
i 'm so confused
not again ! obi-wan 's gonna kill me
do n't move , jedi !
take him away
do n't be afraid
i 'm not afraid to die
i 've been dying a little bit each day since you came back into my life
what are you talking about ?
i love you
you love me ?
i thought we had decided not to fall in love ... that we would be forced to live a lie ... and that it would destroy our lives
i think our lives are about to be destroyed anyway
i truly ... deeply love you ... and before we die , i want you to know
i was beginning to wonder if you 'd got my message
i retransmitted it just as you had requested , master
then we decided to come and rescue you
good job
settle down . settle down
let the executions begin
i 've got a bad feeling about this
just relax . concentrate
what about padmé ?
she seems to be on top of things
she ca n't do that !
shoot her ... or something !
jump !
this is n't how it 's supposed to be !
jango !
finish her off !
patience , viceroy , patience . she will die
master windu
how pleasant of you to join us
this party 's over
brave ... but foolish , my old jedi friend
you 're impossibly outnumbered
i do n't think so
we 'll see
my legs are n't moving . i must need maintenance
what 's all this noise ?
a battle !
there 's been some terrible mistake !
i 'm programmed for etiquette , not destruction !
die , jedi dogs ! oh !
what did i say ?
oh , dear . i 'm terribly sorry about all this
excuse me . i 'm trapped . i ca n't get up
you call this a diplomatic solution ?
no , i call it aggressive negotiations
uh-oh . -- roger , roger
r2 , what are you doing here ?
what are you doing ?
stop that !
you 're going to strain something
my neck !
now where are you taking me ?
this is such a drag !
i 'm quite beside myself
r2 , please be careful !
you 're singeing my circuits !
yes , but is my head on straight ?
master windu ... you have fought gallantly ... worthy of recognition in the archives of the jedi order
now ... it is finished
surrender ... and your lives will be spared
we will not be hostages to be bartered , dooku !
then ...
i 'm sorry , old friend
look !
around the survivors a perimeter create
i 've had the most peculiar dream !
if dooku escapes ... rally more systems to his cause he will
hold on !
aim right above the fuel cells !
good call , my young padawan
the jedi have amassed a huge army
that does n't seem possible
how could the jedi come up with an army so quickly ?
we must send all available droids into battle
there are too many
pilot , land in that assembly area !
yes , sir
sir ...
i have five special commando units awaiting your orders , sir
to the forward command center take me
attack those federation starships , quickly !
master yoda , all forward positions are advancing
very good . very good
this is not looking good at all !
we must get the starships back into space
we have to order a retreat
my master will never allow the republic ... to get away with this treachery
i 'm sending my warriors to hide in the catacombs
the jedi must not find our designs for the ultimate weapon
if they find out what we are planning to build , we 're doomed
i will take the designs with me to coruscant
they will be much safer there with my master
concentrate all your fire on the nearest starship
yes , sir
move all quadrants to sector 515
look over there !
it 's dooku ! shoot him down !
we 're out of rockets , sir
follow him !
we 're gonna need some help !
there is n't time !
anakin and i can handle this !
put the ship down !
anakin !
do n't let your personal feelings get in the way !
follow that speeder !
lower the ship !
i ca n't take dooku alone !
i need you !
if we catch him , we can end this war right now !
we have a job to do !
i do n't care ! put the ship down !
you will be expelled from the jedi order !
i ca n't leave her !
come to your senses !
what do you think padmé would do were she in your position ?
she would do her duty
the droid army is in full retreat
well done , commander
bring me a ship
you 're gonna pay for all the jedi that you killed today , dooku
we 'll take him together
i 'm taking him now !
no , anakin ! no !
as you see , my jedi powers are far beyond yours
now ... back down
i do n't think so
master kenobi , you disappoint me
yoda holds you in such high esteem
surely you can do better
are you all right ?
we 'd better get back to the forward command center
no
gather what troops you can
we 've got to get to that hangar
get a transport . hurry !
right away
brave of you , boy
but i would have thought you had learned your lesson
i am a slow learner . -- anakin !
master yoda
count dooku
you have interfered with our affairs for the last time
powerful you have become , dooku
the dark side i sense in you
i 've become more powerful than any jedi
even you
much to learn you still have
it is obvious that this contest cannot be decided ... by our knowledge of the force ... but by our skills with a lightsaber
fought well you have , my old padawan
this is just the beginning
the force is with us , master sidious
welcome home , lord tyranus
you have done well
i have good news for you , my lord
the war has begun
excellent . everything is going as planned
do you believe what count dooku said about sidious controlling the senate ?
it does n't feel right
joined the dark side dooku has
lies , deceit ... creating mistrust are his ways now
nevertheless ...
i feel we should keep a closer eye on the senate
i agree
where is your apprentice ?
on his way to naboo , escorting senator amidala home
i have to admit that without the clones , it would not have been a victory
victory ?
victory , you say ?
master obi-wan , not victory
the shroud of the dark side has fallen
begun the clone war has
did you hear that ?
they shut down the main reactor . we 'll be destroyed for sure
this is madness
we 're doomed
there 'll be no escape for the princess this time
what 's that ?
r2-d2 , where are you ?
at last
where have you been ?
they 're heading in this direction . what are we going to do ?
we 'll be sent to the kessel spice mines or smashed into who knows what
wait a minute . where are you going ?
the death star plans are not in the main computer
where are those transmissions you intercepted ?
what have you done with those plans ?
we intercepted no transmissions
this is a consular ship
we 're on a diplomatic mission
if this is a consular ship , where is the ambassador ?
commander , tear this ship apart until you 've found those plans !
and bring me the passengers ! i want them alive !
there 's one . set for stun
she 'll be all right . inform lord vader we have a prisoner
hey . you 're not permitted in there . it 's restricted
you 'll be deactivated for sure
do n't call me a mindless philosopher , you overweight glob of grease
come out , before somebody sees you
secret mission ?
what plans ?
what are you talking about ?
i 'm not getting in there
i 'm going to regret this
there goes another one
hold your fire . there 's no life forms
it must have short circuited
that 's funny . the damage does n't look as bad from out here
are you sure this thing is safe ?
darth vader . only you could be so bold
the imperial senate will not sit still for this
when they hear you 've attacked a diplomatic --
do n't act so surprised , your highness
you were n't on any mercy mission this time
several transmissions were beamed to this ship by rebel spies
i want to know what happened to the plans they sent you
i do n't know what you 're talking about
i 'm a member of the imperial senate on a diplomatic mission to alderaan
you are part of the rebel alliance and a traitor
take her away !
holding her is dangerous
if word of this gets out , it could generate sympathy for the rebellion in the senate
i have traced the rebel spies to her
now she is my only link to finding their secret base
she 'll die before she 'll tell you anything
leave that to me
send a distress signal , and then inform the senate that all aboard were killed
lord vader , the battle station plans are not aboard this ship ... and no transmissions were made
an escape pod was jettisoned during the fighting , but no life forms were aboard
she must have hidden the plans in the escape pod
send a detachment down to retrieve them
see to it personally , commander . there 'll be no one to stop us this time
yes , sir
how did we get into this mess ?
i really do n't know how
we seem to be made to suffer . it 's our lot in life
i 've got to rest before i fall apart
my joints are almost frozen
what a desolate place this is
where do you think you 're going ?
well , i 'm not going that way
it 's much too rocky . this way is much easier
what makes you think there are settlements over there ?
do n't get technical with me
what mission ?
what are you talking about ?
i 've just about had enough of you
go that way
you 'll be malfunctioning within a day , you nearsighted scrap pile
and do n't let me catch you following me , begging for help ... because you wo n't get it
no more adventures . i 'm not going that way
that malfunctioning little twerp
this is all his fault
he tricked me into going this way ... but he 'll do no better
wait
what 's that ?
a transport
i 'm saved
over here !
hey ! hey ! help !
please help !
r2 ?
r2-d2 , it is you ! it is you !
someone was in the pod . the tracks go off in this direction
look , sir . droids
we stopped
wake up . wake up !
we 're doomed
do you think they 'll melt us down ?
do n't shoot
will this never end ?
fine . let 's go
luke !
luke !
luke , tell your uncle if he gets a translator , be sure it speaks bocce
does n't look like we have much choice , but i 'll remind him
yeah , we 'll take that red one
no , not that one
you . i suppose you 're programmed for etiquette and protocol
protocol ?
it 's my primary function , sir
i am well versed in all the customs --
i have no need for a protocol droid
of course you have n't , sir . not in an environment such as this
that 's why i have been programmed --
i need a droid who understands the binary language of moisture vaporators
vaporators ?
sir , my first job was programming binary load lifters ... very similar to your vaporators in most respects
can you speak bocce ?
of course
it 's like a second language
all right . shut up . i 'll take this one
take these two to the garage
i want them cleaned up before dinner
but i was going into tosche station to pick up some power converters
you can waste time with your friends when your chores are done
now come on . get to it
all right . come on
and the red one . come on
come on , red . let 's go
uncle owen . -- yeah ?
this r2 unit has a bad motivator . look
hey , what are you trying to push on us ?
excuse me , sir , but that r2 unit is in prime condition , a real bargain
uncle owen , what about that one ?
what about that blue one ?
we 'll take that one
take this away . you 'll be pleased with that one , sir . he really is in first class condition
i 've worked with him before . here he comes
okay . let 's go
do n't you forget this
why i should stick my neck out for you is quite beyond my capacity
thank the maker . this oil bath is going to feel so good
i 've got such a bad case of dust contamination , i can barely move
it just is n't fair . biggs is right
i 'm never gonna get out of here
is there anything i might do to help ?
no , not unless you can alter time , speed up the harvest ... or teleport me off this rock
i do n't think so , sir
i 'm only a droid and not very knowledgeable about such things
not on this planet , anyway
as a matter of fact , i 'm not even sure which planet i 'm on
well , if there 's a bright center to the universe ... you 're on the planet that it 's farthest from
i see , sir
you can call me luke
i see , sir luke
just luke
and i am c-3po , human cyborg relations
and this is my counterpart , r2-d2
hello
you got a lot of carbon scoring here
looks like you boys have seen a lot of action
with all we 've been through ... sometimes i 'm amazed we 're in as good condition as we are ... what with the rebellion and all
you know of the rebellion against the empire ?
that 's how we came to be in your service , if you take my meaning , sir
have you been in many battles ?
several , i think . there 's not much to tell
i 'm not much more than an interpreter and not very good at telling stories
well , not at making them interesting , anyway
well , my little friend ... you got something jammed in here real good
were you on a starcruiser or --
help me , obi-wan kenobi
you 're my only hope
what 's this ?
" what is what " ?
he asked you a question . what is that ?
help me , obi-wan kenobi
you 're my only hope
he says it 's nothing , sir , merely a malfunction
old data . pay it no mind
who is she ?
she 's beautiful
i 'm afraid i 'm not quite sure , sir
i think she was a passenger on our last voyage
a person of some importance , i believe
our captain was --
is there any more to this recording ?
behave yourself , r2 . you 're going to get us into trouble
it 's all right . you can trust him
he 's our new master
you 're my only hope
he says he 's the property of obi-wan kenobi , a resident of these parts ... and it 's a private message for him
frankly , i do n't know what he 's talking about
our last master was captain antilles
but with all we 've been through , this r2 unit has become a bit eccentric
obi-wan kenobi
i wonder if he means old ben kenobi
i beg your pardon , sir , but do you know what he 's talking about ?
i do n't know anyone named obi-wan ... but old ben lives out beyond the dune sea
he 's kind of a strange old hermit
i wonder who she is
sounds like she 's in trouble . i better play back the whole thing
he says the restraining bolt has short circuited his recording system
he suggests that if you remove the bolt ... he might be able to play back the entire recording
oh , yeah . well ... i guess you 're too small to run away on me if i take this off
there you go
where 'd she go ?
bring her back . play back the entire message
" what message " ?
the one you 've just been playing
the one you 're carrying inside your rusty innards
luke ! luke !
i 'll be right there , aunt beru
i 'm sorry , sir , but he appears to have picked up a slight flutter
here . see what you can do with him . i 'll be right back
just you reconsider playing that message for him
no , i do n't think he likes you at all
no , i do n't like you either
i think that r2 unit might have been stolen
what makes you think that ?
i stumbled across a recording while i was cleaning him
he says he belongs to someone called obi-wan kenobi
i thought he might have meant old ben
do you know what he 's talking about ?
i wonder if he 's related to ben
that wizard 's just a crazy old man
tomorrow , take that r2 unit to anchorhead and have its memory erased
that 'll be the end of it . it belongs to us now
but what if this obi-wan comes looking for him ?
he wo n't
i do n't think he exists anymore
he died about the same time as your father
he knew my father ?
i told you to forget it
your only concern is to prepare those new droids for tomorrow
in the morning , i want them on the south ridge , working on those condensers
yes , sir
i think those new droids are gonna work out fine
in fact , i was also thinking about our agreement -- about me staying on another season
if these new droids work out , i want to apply to the academy this year
you mean the next semester before the harvest ?
there 's more than enough droids
harvest is when i need you the most
it 's only one season more
this year we 'll make enough on the harvest to hire more hands ... and then you can go to the academy next year
you must understand i need you here , luke
but it 's a whole 'nother year
it 's only one more season
that 's what you said when biggs and tank left
where are you going ?
looks like i 'm going nowhere . i have to go finish cleaning those droids
owen , he ca n't stay here forever
most of his friends have gone
it means so much to him
i 'll make it up to him next year . i promise
luke 's just not a farmer , owen . he has too much of his father in him
that 's what i 'm afraid of
what are you doing hiding back there ?
it was n't my fault , sir . please do n't deactivate me
i told him not to go , but he 's faulty , malfunctioning
kept babbling on about his mission
oh , no
that r2 unit has always been a problem
these astro droids are getting quite out of hand
even i ca n't understand their logic at times
how could i be so stupid ?
he 's nowhere in sight . blast it !
pardon me , sir , but could n't we go after him ?
it 's too dangerous with the sandpeople around
we 'll have to wait till morning
luke , i 'm shutting the power down
i 'll be there in a few minutes
boy , am i gonna get it
that little droid 's gonna cause me a lot of trouble
he excels at that , sir
come on
have you seen luke this morning ?
he said he had things to do before he started today , so he left early
did he take those new droids with him ?
i think so
he better have those units in the south range repaired by midday ... or there 'll be hell to pay
there 's a droid on the scanner . dead ahead
it might be our little r2 unit . hit the accelerator
where do you think you 're going ?
master luke is your rightful owner now
we 'll have no more of this obi-wan kenobi gibberish
do n't talk to me of your mission either
you 're fortunate he does n't blast you into a million pieces right here . no
it 's all right , but i think we 'd better go
what 's wrong with him now ?
there are several creatures approaching from the southeast
sandpeople
or worse
come on . let 's go have a look
come on
well , there are two banthas down there , but i do n't see any --
wait a second
they 're sandpeople , all right . i can see one of them now
hello there
come here , my little friend . do n't be afraid
do n't worry . he 'll be all right
rest easy , son . you 've had a busy day
you 're fortunate to be all in one piece
ben ?
ben kenobi ?
boy , am i glad to see you
the jundland wastes are not to be traveled lightly
tell me , young luke , what brings you out this far ?
this little droid
i think he 's searching for his former master ... but i 've never seen such devotion in a droid before
he claims to be the property of an obi-wan kenobi
is he a relative of yours ? do you know who he 's talking about ?
obi-wan kenobi ?
obi-wan
now , that 's a name i 've not heard in a long time
a long time
i think my uncle knows him
he said he was dead
he 's not dead
not yet
you know him ?
of course i know him . he 's me
i have n't gone by the name of obi-wan ... since , oh , before you were born
then the droid does belong to you
i do n't seem to remember ever owning a droid
very interesting
i think we better get indoors
the sandpeople are easily startled ... but they 'll soon be back -- and in greater numbers
3po
where am i ?
i must have taken a bad step
can you stand ?
we 've gotta get out of here before the sandpeople return
i do n't think i can make it
you go on , master luke
there 's no sense in you risking yourself on my account . i 'm done for
no , you 're not
what kind of talk is that ?
quickly . they 're on the move
my father did n't fight in the wars
he was a navigator on a spice freighter
that 's what your uncle told you
he did n't hold with your father 's ideals
thought he should have stayed here and not gotten involved
you fought in the clone wars ?
yes
i was once a jedi knight , the same as your father
i wish i 'd known him
he was the best starpilot in the galaxy ... and a cunning warrior
i understand you 've become quite a good pilot yourself
and he was a good friend
which reminds me ...
i have something here for you
your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough ... but your uncle would n't allow it
he feared you might follow old obi-wan ... on some damn fool idealistic crusade , like your father did
sir , if you 'll not be needing me , i 'll close down for a while
sure . go ahead
what is it ?
your father 's lightsaber
this is the weapon of a jedi knight
not as clumsy or random as a blaster
an elegant weapon ... for a more civilized age
for over a thousand generations , the jedi knights ... were the guardians of peace and justice in the old republic ... before the dark times ... before the empire
how did my father die ?
a young jedi named darth vader ... who was a pupil of mine until he turned to evil ... helped the empire hunt down and destroy the jedi knights
he betrayed and murdered your father
now the jedi are all but extinct
vader was seduced by the dark side of the force
the force ?
the force is what gives a jedi his power
it 's an energy field created by all living things
it surrounds us and penetrates us
it binds the galaxy together
let 's see if we ca n't figure out what you are , my little friend ... and where you come from
i saw part of a message --
i seem to have found it
general kenobi , years ago you served my father in the clone wars
now he begs you to help him in his struggle against the empire
i regret that i am unable to present my father 's request in person
but my ship has fallen under attack ... and i 'm afraid my mission to bring you to alderaan has failed
i have placed information vital to the survival of the rebellion ... into the memory systems of this r2 unit
my father will know how to retrieve it
you must see this droid safely delivered to him on alderaan
this is our most desperate hour
help me , obi-wan kenobi
you 're my only hope
you must learn the ways of the force if you 're to come with me to alderaan
alderaan ?
i 'm not going to alderaan . i 've gotta get home
it 's late . i 'm in for it as it is
i need your help , luke . she needs your help
i 'm getting too old for this sort of thing
i ca n't get involved . i 've got work to do
it 's not that i like the empire . i hate it
but there 's nothing i can do about it right now
it 's all such a long way from here
that 's your uncle talking
oh , boy . my uncle
how am i ever gonna explain this ?
learn about the force , luke
i can take you as far as anchorhead
you can get a transport there to mos eisley or wherever you 're going
you must do what you feel is right , of course
until this battle station is fully operational , we are vulnerable
the rebel alliance is too well equipped
they 're more dangerous than you realize
dangerous to your starfleet , commander ... not to this battle station
the rebellion will continue to gain support in the imperial senate --
the imperial senate will no longer be of any concern to us
i 've just received word that the emperor has dissolved the council permanently
the last remnants of the old republic have been swept away
that 's impossible
how will the emperor maintain control without the bureaucracy ?
the regional governors now have direct control over their territories
fear will keep the local systems in line
fear of this battle station
and what of the rebellion ?
if the rebels have obtained a complete technical readout of this station ... it is possible , however unlikely ... that they might find a weakness and exploit it
the plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands
any attack by the rebels against this station would be a useless gesture ... no matter what technical data they 've obtained
this station is now the ultimate power in the universe
i suggest we use it
do n't be too proud of this technological terror you 've constructed
the ability to destroy a planet is insignificant ... next to the power of the force
do n't try to frighten us with your sorcerer 's ways , lord vader
your sad devotion to that ancient religion ... has not helped you conjure up the stolen data tapes ... or given you clairvoyance enough to find the rebels ' hidden fortress --
i find your lack of faith disturbing
enough of this . vader , release him
as you wish
this bickering is pointless
lord vader will provide us with the location of the rebel fortress ... by the time this station is operational
we will then crush the rebellion with one swift stroke
it looks like the sandpeople did this
there 's gaffi sticks , bantha tracks
i 've just never heard of them hitting anything this big before
they did n't , but we are meant to think they did
sandpeople always ride single file to hide their numbers
these are the same jawas that sold us r2 and 3po
and these blast points , too accurate for sandpeople
only imperial stormtroopers are so precise
but why would imperial troops want to slaughter jawas ?
if they traced the robots here , they may have learned who they sold them to ... and that would lead them back ... home
wait , luke
it 's too dangerous
uncle owen
aunt beru
uncle owen
now , your highness , we will discuss the location of your hidden rebel base
there 's nothing you could have done , had you been there
you 'd have been killed too ... and the droids would now be in the hands of the empire
i want to come with you to alderaan
there 's nothing for me here now
i want to learn the ways of the force and become a jedi like my father
mos eisley spaceport
you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy
we must be cautious
how long have you had these droids ?
three or four seasons
they 're up for sale if you want them
let me see your identification
you do n't need to see his identification
we do n't need to see his identification
these are n't the droids you 're looking for
these are n't the droids we 're looking for
he can go about his business
you can go about your business
move along
move along
move along
i ca n't abide those jawas . disgusting creatures
go on , go on
i ca n't understand how we got by those troops
i thought we were dead
the force can have a strong influence on the weak minded
you really think we 're gonna find a pilot here to take us to alderaan ?
most of the best freighter pilots are to be found here
only watch your step -- this place can be a little rough
i 'm ready for anything
come along , r2
hey . we do n't serve their kind here
what ?
your droids -- they 'll have to wait outside . we do n't want them here
wait out by the speeder . we do n't want any trouble
i heartily agree with you , sir
i 'll have one of those
he does n't like you
i 'm sorry
i do n't like you either
you just watch yourself
we 're wanted men
i have the death sentence on 12 systems
i 'll be careful then
you 'll be dead !
this little one 's not worth the effort
come , let me get you something
i 'm all right
chewbacca here is first mate on a ship that might suit us
i do n't like the look of this
han solo . i 'm captain of the millennium falcon
chewie here tells me you 're looking for passage to the alderaan system
yes , indeed , if it 's a fast ship
fast ship ?
you 've never heard of the millennium falcon ?
should i have ?
it 's the ship that made the kessel run in less than 12 parsecs
i 've outrun imperial starships
not the local bulk cruisers , mind you
i 'm talking about the big corellian ships now
she 's fast enough for you , old man
what 's the cargo ?
only passengers -- myself , the boy , two droids ... and no questions asked
is it some kind of local trouble ?
let 's just say we 'd like to avoid any imperial entanglements
well , that 's the real trick , is n't it ?
and it 's gonna cost you something extra
10,000 , all in advance
10,000 ?
we could almost buy our own ship for that
but who 's gonna fly it , kid ?
you bet i could
i 'm not such a bad pilot
we do n't have to sit here and listen --
we can pay you 2,000 now ... plus 15 when we reach alderaan
seventeen ?
okay , you guys got yourselves a ship
we 'll leave as soon as you 're ready . docking bay 94
ninety four
looks like somebody 's beginning to take an interest in your handiwork
all right . we 'll check it out
17,000
those guys must really be desperate
this could really save my neck
get back to the ship , get it ready
you 'll have to sell your speeder
that 's okay . i 'm never coming back to this planet again
going somewhere , solo ?
yes , greedo . as a matter of fact , i was just going to see your boss
tell jabba that i 've got his money
it 's too late . you should have paid him when you had the chance
jabba 's put a price on your head so large every bounty hunter in the galaxy will be looking for you ...
i 'm lucky i found you first
yeah , but this time i 've got the money
if you give it to me , i might forget i found you
i do n't have it with me . tell jabba --
jabba 's through with you
he has no time for smugglers who drop their shipments at the first sign of an imperial cruiser
do you think i had a choice ?
you can tell that to jabba
he may only take your ship
over my dead body
that 's the idea
i 've been looking forward to this for a long time
i 'll bet you have
sorry about the mess
her resistance to the mind probe is considerable
it'll be some time before we can extract any information from her
the final checkout is completed
all systems are operational
what course shall we set ?
perhaps she would respond to an alternative form of persuasion
what do you mean ?
i think it is time we demonstrated the full power of this station
set your course for alderaan
with pleasure
lock the door , r2
check this side of the street
the door 's locked . move on to the next one
i would much rather have gone with master luke than stay here with you
i do n't know what this trouble is about , but i 'm sure it must be your fault
you watch your language
all right . give it to me . i 'll take it
look at this . ever since the xp-38 came out , they just are n't in demand
it'll be enough
solo , come out of there , solo !
right here , jabba
i 've been waitin' for you
have you now
you did n't think i was gonna run , did you ?
han , my boy , you disappoint me
why have n't you paid me ... and why did you fry poor greedo ?
jabba , next time you wanna talk to me , come see me yourself
do n't send one of these twerps
han , i ca n't make exceptions
what if everyone who smuggled for me dropped their cargo at the first sign of an imperial starship ?
it 's not good business
look , jabba , even i get boarded sometimes
you think i had a choice ?
but i got a nice , easy charter
i 'll pay ya back , plus a little extra
i just need a little more time
han , my boy , you 're the best
so , for an extra twenty percent ...
fifteen , jabba . do n't push it
okay , fifteen percent
but , if you fail me again ...
i 'll put a price on your head so big , you wo n't be able to go near a civilized system
jabba , you 're a wonderful human being
come on !
if the ship 's as fast as he 's boasting , we ought to do well
what a piece of junk
she 'll make .5 past light speed
she may not look like much , but she 's got it where it counts , kid
i 've made a lot of special modifications myself
but we 're a little rushed , so if you 'll just get on board , we 'll get outta here
hello , sir
which way ?
all right , men , load your weapons
stop that ship . blast them
chewie , get us out of here !
oh , my . i 'd forgotten how much i hate space travel
looks like an imperial cruiser
our passengers are hotter than i thought
hold 'em off
angle the deflector shields ... while i make the calculations for the jump to light speed
stay sharp . there 's two more comin' in
they 're gonna try and cut us off
why do n't you outrun 'em ? you said this thing was fast
watch your mouth or you 're gonna find yourself floating home
we 'll be safe enough once we make the jump to hyperspace
besides , i know a few maneuvers . we 'll lose 'em
here 's where the fun begins
how long before you can jump to light speed ?
it'll take a few moments to get the coordinates from the navicomputer . are you kidding ?
at the rate they 're gaining ?
traveling through hyperspace ai n't like dustin' crops , boy
without precise calculations , we 'd fly right through a star ... or bounce too close to a supernova , and that would end your trip real quick
what 's that flashing ?
we 're losing a deflector shield
go strap yourselves in . i 'm gonna make the jump to light speed
we 've entered the alderaan system
governor tarkin
i should have expected to find you holding vader 's leash
i recognized your foul stench when i was brought on board
charming to the last
you do n't know how hard i found it ... signing the order to terminate your life
i 'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself
princess leia , before your execution ...
i would like you to be my guest at a ceremony ... that will make this battle station operational
no star system will dare oppose the emperor now
the more you tighten your grip , tarkin ... the more star systems will slip through your fingers
not after we demonstrate the power of this station
in a way , you have determined the choice of the planet ... that 'll be destroyed first
since you are reluctant to provide us with the location of the rebel base ...
i have chosen to test this station 's destructive power ... on your home planet of alderaan
no . alderaan is peaceful
we have no weapons
you would prefer another target ? a military target ?
then name the system
i grow tired of asking this , so it will be the last time
where is the rebel base ?
dantooine
they 're on dantooine
there . you see , lord vader ?
she can be reasonable
continue with the operation . you may fire when ready
what ?
you 're far too trusting
dantooine is too remote to make an effective demonstration
but do n't worry . we will deal with your rebel friends soon enough
commence primary ignition
are you all right ?
what 's wrong ?
i felt a great disturbance in the force ... as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror ... and were suddenly silenced
i fear something terrible has happened
you 'd better get on with your exercises
you can forget your troubles with those imperial slugs
i told you i 'd outrun them
do n't everybody thank me at once
anyway , we should be at alderaan about 0200 hours
now be careful , r2
he made a fair move . screaming about it ca n't help you
let him have it . it 's not wise to upset a wookiee
but , sir , nobody worries about upsetting a droid
that 's 'cause a droid do n't pull people 's arms out of their sockets when they lose
wookiees are known to do that
i see your point , sir
i suggest a new strategy , r2
let the wookiee win
remember , a jedi can feel the force flowing through him
you mean it controls your actions ?
partially . but it also obeys your commands
hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a blaster at your side , kid
you do n't believe in the force , do you ?
kid , i 've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other
i 've seen a lot of strange stuff ... but i 've never seen anything to make me believe ... there 's one all powerful force controlling everything
there 's no mystical energy field controls my destiny
it 's all a lot of simple tricks and nonsense
i suggest you try it again , luke
this time , let go your conscious self ... and act on instinct
with the blast shield down , i ca n't see
how am i supposed to fight ?
your eyes can deceive you . do n't trust them
stretch out with your feelings
you see ?
you can do it
i call it luck
in my experience , there 's no such thing as luck
good against remotes is one thing
good against the living , that 's something else
we 're coming up on alderaan
i did feel something
i could almost see the remote
that 's good . you 've taken your first step into a larger world
yes ?
our scout ships have reached dantooine
they found the remains of a rebel base ... but they estimate that it has been deserted for some time
they are now conducting an extensive search of the surrounding systems
she lied
she lied to us
i told you she would never consciously betray the rebellion
terminate her immediately
stand by , chewie . here we go . cut in the sublight engines
what the --
we 've come out of hyperspace into a meteor shower ... some kind of asteroid collision
it 's not on any of the charts
what 's going on ?
our position 's correct , except no alderaan
where is it ?
that 's what i 'm trying to tell you . it ai n't there
it 's been blown away
what ? how ?
destroyed by the empire
the entire starfleet could n't destroy the whole planet
it'd take a thousand ships with more firepower than i 've --
maybe they know what happened
it 's an imperial fighter
it followed us . -- no
it 's a short range fighter
there are n't any bases around here . where did it come from ?
sure is leaving in a hurry . if they identify us , we 're in trouble
not if i can help it
chewie , jam its transmissions
let it go . it 's too far out of range
not for long
a fighter that size could n't get this deep into space on its own
he must have gotten lost , been part of a convoy or something
he ai n't gonna be around long enough to tell anybody about us
he 's heading for that small moon
i can get him before he gets there . he 's almost in range
that 's no moon
it 's a space station
it 's too big to be a space station
i have a very bad feeling about this
turn the ship around
yeah . i think you 're right
full reverse
chewie , lock in the auxiliary power
why are we still moving towards it ?
we 're caught in a tractor beam . it 's pulling us in
there 's gotta be something you can do
there 's nothing i can do . i 'm at full power . i have to shut down
they 're not gonna get me without a fight
you ca n't win , but there are alternatives to fighting
clear bay 327
we are opening the magnetic field
to your stations
come with me
close all outboard shields . close all outboard shields
yes ?
we 've captured a freighter entering the remains of the alderaan system
its markings match those of a ship that blasted its way out of mos eisley
they must be trying to return the stolen plans to the princess
she may yet be of some use to us
unlock 1 , 5 , 7 and 9
release charge
there 's no one on board , sir
according to the log , the crew abandoned ship right after takeoff
it must be a decoy
several escape pods have been jettisoned
did you find any droids ?
no , sir
if there were any , they must also have jettisoned
send a scanning crew aboard . i want every part of this ship checked
yes , sir
i sense something ... a presence i 've not felt since --
get me a scanning crew in here
i want every part of this ship checked
there 's no one here
boy , it 's lucky you have these compartments
i use them for smuggling
i never thought i 'd be smuggling myself in 'em
this is ridiculous
even if i could take off , i 'd never get past the tractor beam
leave that to me
damn fool
i knew you were gonna say that
who 's the more foolish , the fool or the fool who follows him ?
the ship 's all yours . if the scanners pick up anything , report it immediately
all right . let 's go
hey , down there
could you give us a hand with this ?
tk-421 , why are n't you at your post ?
tk-421 , do you copy ?
we 've got a bad transmitter
i 'll see what i can do
between his howling and your blasting everything ... it 's a wonder the whole station does n't know we 're here
bring 'em on . i prefer a straight fight to sneakin' around
we 've found the computer outlet , sir
plug in . he should be able to interpret the entire imperial network
he 's found the controls to the power beam that 's holding the ship here
he 'll try to make the precise location appear on the monitor
the tractor beam is coupled to the main reactor in seven locations
a power loss at one of the terminals will allow the ship to leave
i do n't think you boys can help
i must go alone
whatever you say . i 've done more than i bargained for on this trip already
i want to go with you
be patient , luke . watch the droids
they must be delivered safely ... or other star systems will suffer the same fate as alderaan
your destiny lies along a different path from mine
the force will be with you ... always
you said it , chewie
where did you dig up that old fossil ?
ben is a great man
great at getting us into trouble
i did n't hear you give any ideas
anything 's better than just hangin around waiting for 'em to pick us up
who do you think --
what is it ?
i 'm afraid i 'm not quite sure , sir
he says , " i 've found her , " and keeps repeating , " she 's here . "
who ? who has he found ?
princess leia
the princess ? she 's here ?
princess ?
where is she ?
princess ? what 's going on ?
level 5 , detention block aa-23
i 'm afraid she 's scheduled to be terminated
oh , no . we 've gotta do something
what are you talking about ?
the droids belong to her . she 's the one in the message . we gotta help her
do n't get any funny ideas . the old man wants us to wait here
he did n't know she was here . find a way into that detention block
i 'm not going anywhere
they 're gonna execute her
you said you did n't want to just wait to be captured
now you want to stay ?
marching into the detention area is not what i had in mind
but they 're gonna kill her
better her than me
she 's rich
rich ?
rich , powerful
if you were to rescue her , the reward would be --
what ?
well , more well than you can imagine
i do n't know . i can imagine quite a bit
you 'll get it
i better . you will
all right , kid . you better be right about this . -- all right
what 's your plan ?
3po , hand me those binders there , will you ?
okay
now , i 'm gonna put these on you
okay , han , you put those on
do n't worry , chewie . i think i know what he has in mind
master luke , sir , pardon me for asking ... but what should r2 and i do if we 're discovered here ?
lock the door
and hope they do n't have blasters
that is n't very reassuring
517 to scan control . 517 to scan control
i ca n't see a thing in this helmet
this is not gonna work
why did n't you say so before ?
i did say so before
where are you taking this ... thing ?
prisoner transfer from cell block 1138
i was n't notified . i 'll have to clear it
look out !
he 's loose !
he 'll tear us all apart !
look out
we gotta find out which cell this princess of yours is in
here it is -- 2187
you go and get her . i 'll hold them here
everything 's under control . situation normal
what happened ?
had a slight weapons malfunction ... but everything 's perfectly all right now
we 're fine . we 're all fine here now . thank you
how are you ?
we 're sending a squad up
negative , negative
we have a reactor leak here now
give us a few minutes to lock it down
large leak , very dangerous
who is this ?
what 's your operating number ?
boring conversation anyway
luke , we 're gonna have company !
are n't you a little short for a stormtrooper ?
oh , the uniform
i 'm luke skywalker . i 'm here to rescue you
you 're who ? -- i 'm here to rescue you
i 've got your r2 unit
i 'm here with ben kenobi
ben kenobi ?
where is he ?
come on
he is here
obi-wan kenobi ?
what makes you think so ?
a tremor in the force
the last time i felt it was in the presence of my old master
surely he must be dead by now
do n't underestimate the force
the jedi are extinct
their fire has gone out of the universe
you , my friend , are all that 's left of their religion
yes
we have an emergency alert in detention block aa-23
the princess ?
put all sections on alert
obi-wan is here
the force is with him
if you 're right , he must not be allowed to escape
escape is not his plan
i must face him alone
get behind me . get behind me
watch your left
they went down the cell bay
ca n't get out that way
you cut off our only escape route
maybe you 'd like it back in your cell , your highness
c-3po . c-3po
are there any other ways out of the cell bay ?
what was that ?
i did n't copy
i said all systems have been alerted to your presence , sir
the main entrance seems to be the only way in or out
all other information on your level is restricted
oh , no
there is n't any other way out
i ca n't hold them off forever . now what ?
this is some rescue
when you came in here , did n't you have a plan for getting out ?
he 's the brains , sweetheart
well , i did n't --
what the hell are you doing ?
somebody has to save our skins
into the garbage chute , flyboy
get in there !
get in there , you big furry oaf
i do n't care what you smell
get in there , and do n't worry about it
wonderful girl
either i 'm gonna kill her , or i 'm beginning to like her
get in there
the garbage chute was a really wonderful idea
what an incredible smell you 've discovered
let 's get out of here . -- get away from there
no , wait
forget it ! i already tried it ! it 's magnetically sealed
put that thing away !
you 're gonna get us all killed !
absolutely , your worship
look , i had everything under control till you led us down here
it 's not gonna take 'em long to figure out what happened to us
it could be worse
it 's worse
there 's something alive in here
that 's your imagination
something just moved past my leg
look
did you see that ?
what ?
kid !
luke !
grab hold of this !
blast it ! my gun 's jammed
where ?
anywhere !
help him !
what happened ?
i do n't know . it just let go of me and disappeared
i got a bad feeling about this
the walls are moving !
try and brace it with something
help me
wait a minute
3po ! come in , 3po !
3po !
where could he be ?
take over . see to him
look , there
they 're madmen
they 're heading for the prison level
if you hurry , you might catch them
follow me
you stand guard
come on
all this excitement has overrun the circuits in my counterpart here
if you do n't mind , i 'd like to take him down to maintenance
all right
3po . come in , 3po
3po
get on top
i ca n't
where could he be ?
3po , will you come in ?
they are n't here . something must have happened to them
see if they 've been captured
one thing 's for sure . we 're all gonna be a lot thinner
get on top of it
i 'm trying
thank goodness they have n't found them
where could they be ?
" use the comlink " ?
oh , my . i forgot
i turned it off
are you there , sir ?
3po ?
we 've had some problems
shut up and listen to me
shut down all the garbage mashers on the detention level
do you copy ?
shut down all the garbage mashers on the detention level !
no , shut them all down . hurry ! oh , no
what ?
you did great , 3po !
listen to them . they 're dying , r2
curse my metal body . i was n't fast enough
it 's all my fault . my poor master
we 're all right . you did great !
open the pressure maintenance hatch on unit number --
if we can avoid any more female advice , we oughta be able to get out of here
let 's get moving
where you goin' ?
wait ! they 'll hear !
come here , you big coward
chewie , come here
listen
i do n't know who you are or where you came from ... but from now on , you do as i tell you , okay ?
look , your worshipfulness , let 's get one thing straight
i take orders from just one person -- me
it 's a wonder you 're still alive
will somebody get this big walking carpet out of my way ?
no reward is worth this
give me regular reports , please
right
do you know what 's going on ?
maybe it 's another drill
you seen that new vt-16 ?
yeah . some of the other guys were telling me about it . they say it 's quite a thing to see
what was that ?
it 's nothing . outgassing
do n't worry about it
there she is
c-3po , do you copy ?
yes , sir
are you safe ?
for the moment
we 're in the main hangar across from the ship
we 're right above you . stand by
you came in that thing ?
you 're braver than i thought
nice . come on
it 's them . blast them
get back to the ship !
where are you going ?
he certainly has courage
what good will it do us if he gets himself killed ?
i think we took a wrong turn
there 's no lock
that oughta hold them for a while
quick . we 've got to get across . -- find the controls to extend the bridge
i think i just blasted it
they 're coming through
here , hold this
here they come
for luck
we think they may be splitting up
they may be on level 5 and 6 now , sir
where could they be ?
close the blast doors
open the blast doors . open the blast doors
i 've been waiting for you , obi-wan
we meet again at last
the circle is now complete
when i left you , i was but the learner
now i am the master
only a master of evil , darth
your powers are weak , old man
you ca n't win , darth
if you strike me down ...
i shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine
you should not have come back
did n't we just leave this party ?
what kept you ?
we ran into some old friends
the ship all right ?
seems okay , if we can get to it
i hope the old man got the tractor beam down
look
come on , r2 . we 're going
now 's our chance . go !
come on !
luke , it 's too late !
blast the door , kid !
run , luke , run
i hope that old man got the tractor beam down , or this is gonna be a short trip
we 're coming up on their sentry ships
hold them off
angle the deflector shields while i charge up the main guns
i ca n't believe he 's gone
there was n't anything you could have done
come on , buddy . we 're not out of this yet
you in , kid ?
okay , stay sharp
here they come
they 're coming in too fast !
we 've lost the lateral controls
do n't worry . she 'll hold together
hear me , baby ?
hold together
got him . i got him !
great , kid . do n't get cocky
there 's still two more
that 's it . we did it
we did it
help . i think i 'm melting . this is all your fault
are they away ?
they 've just made the jump into hyperspace
you 're sure the homing beacon is secure aboard their ship ?
i 'm taking an awful risk , vader
this had better work
not a bad bit of rescuing , huh ?
you know , sometimes i amaze even myself
that does n't sound too hard
they let us go
it 's the only explanation for the ease of our escape
you call that easy ?
they 're tracking us
not this ship , sister
at least the information in r2 is still intact
what 's so important ? what 's he carrying ?
the technical readouts of that battle station
i only hope that when the data 's analyzed a weakness can be found
it 's not over yet
it is for me , sister
i ai n't in this for your revolution , and i 'm not in it for you , princess
i expect to be well paid . i 'm in it for the money
you need n't worry about your reward
if money is all that you love , then that 's what you 'll receive
your friend is quite a mercenary
i wonder if he really cares about anything ... or anybody
i care
so ... what do you think of her , han ?
i 'm trying not to , kid
good
still , she 's got a lot of spirit
what do you think ?
you think a princess and a guy like me --
no
you 're safe
when we heard about alderaan , we feared the worst
we have no time for sorrows , commander
you must use the information in this r2 unit to help plan the attack
it 's our only hope
yes
we 're approaching the planet yavin
the rebel base is on a moon on the far side
we are preparing to orbit the planet
the battle station is heavily shielded ... and carries a firepower greater than half the starfleet
its defenses are designed around a direct large scale assault
a small , one man fighter should be able to penetrate the outer defense
pardon me for asking , sir , but what good are snub fighters against that ?
the empire does n't consider a small , one man fighter to be any threat ... or they 'd have a tighter defense
an analysis of the plans provided by princess leia ... has demonstrated a weakness in the battle station
the approach will not be easy
you 're required to maneuver straight down this trench ... and skim the surface to this point
the target area is only two meters wide
it 's a small thermal exhaust port right below the main port
the shaft leads directly to the reactor system
a precise hit will start a chain reaction ... which should destroy the station
only a precise hit will set up a chain reaction
the shaft is ray shielded , so you 'll have to use proton torpedoes
that 's impossible , even for a computer
no , it 's not . i used to bull 's eye womp rats in my t-16 back home
they 're not much bigger than two meters
then man your ships , and may the force be with you
orbiting the planet at maximum velocity
the moon with the rebel base will be in range in 30 minutes
this will be a day long remembered
it has seen the end of kenobi ... and will soon see the end of the rebellion
all flight crews , man your stations
so , you got your reward and you 're just leaving , then ?
that 's right
i got some old debts i gotta pay off with this stuff
even if i did n't , you do n't think i 'd be fool enough to stick around here , do ya ?
why do n't you come with us ?
you 're pretty good in a fight . we could use ya
come on . why do n't you take a look around ?
you know what 's about to happen , what they 're up against
they could use a good pilot like you
you 're turning your back on them
what good 's a reward if you ai n't around to use it ?
besides , attacking that battle station ai n't my idea of courage
it 's more like ... suicide
all right . well , take care of yourself , han
i guess that 's what you 're best at , is n't it ?
hey , luke
may the force be with you
what are you looking at ?
i know what i 'm doing
all pilots to your stations
what 's wrong ?
it 's han . i do n't know . i really thought he 'd change his mind
he 's got to follow his own path . no one can choose it for him
i only wish ben were here
open main launch tubes
main launch tubes opening , sir
hey , luke !
biggs !
i do n't believe it
how are ya ?
coming up ?
i 'll be up there with you . -- have i got stories to tell you
skywalker . are you sure you can handle this ship ?
sir , luke is the best bush pilot in the outer rim territories
you 'll do all right
thank you , sir . i 'll try
gotta get aboard
we 'll hear all your stories when we get back , all right ?
hey , biggs
i told you i 'd make it someday
it'll be like old times , luke
they 'll never stop us
this r2 unit of yours seems a bit beat up . you want a new one ?
not on your life
that droid and i have been through a lot
you okay , r2 ?
good
gold squadron , begin takeoff procedure
hang on tight , r2
you 've got to come back
you would n't want my life to get boring , would you ?
luke , the force will be with you
standby alert
death star approaching
estimated time to firing range , 15 minutes
all wings report in
red 10 standing by
red seven standing by
red three standing by
red six standing by
red nine standing by
red two standing by
red 11 standing by
red five standing by
lock s-foils in attack position
we 're passing through the magnetic field
hold tight
switch your deflectors on
double front
look at the size of that thing
cut the chatter , red two
accelerate to attack speed
this is it , boys
red leader , this is gold leader
i copy , gold leader
we 're starting for the target shaft
we 're in position
i 'm going to cut across the axis and draw their fire
heavy fire , boss , 23 degrees
i see it . stay low
this is red five . i 'm going in
luke , pull up !
you all right ?
a little cooked , but i 'm okay
we count 30 rebel ships , but they 're so small they 're evading our turbolasers
we 'll have to destroy them ship to ship . get the crews to their fighters
watch yourself
there 's a lot of fire coming from the right side of that deflection tower
i 'm on it
i 'm going in . cover me , porkins
right with you , red three
i 've got a problem here
i can hold it
pull up !
no , i 'm all right --
the rebel base will be in firing range in seven minutes
luke , trust your feelings
enemy fighters coming your way
my scope 's negative . i do n't see anything
pick up your visual scanning
here they come
you 've got one on your tail
i 'm hit !
you 've picked one up
watch it . -- i ca n't see it
he 's on me tight . i ca n't shake him
i 'll be right there
several fighters have broken off from the main group
come with me
fall in . fall in . -- watch your back , luke
fighters above you , coming in
i 'm hit , but not bad
r2 , see what you can do with it
hang on back there
red six , can you see red five ?
there 's a heavy fire zone
red five , where are you ?
i ca n't shake him
i 'm on him , luke
blast it , biggs . where are you ?
thanks , wedge
good shooting , wedge
red leader , this is gold leader
we 're starting our attack run
i copy , gold leader . move into position
stay in attack formation
the exhaust port is marked and locked in
switch all power to front deflector screen
how many guns do you think , gold five ?
say about 20 guns , some on the surface , some on the towers
death star will be in range in five minutes
switch to targeting computer
computer 's locked . getting a signal
the guns . they 've stopped
stabilize your rear deflectors . watch for enemy fighters
they 're coming in
three marks at 210
i 'll take them myself . cover me
yes , sir
it 's no good . i ca n't maneuver
stay on target
we 're too close
stay on target
loosen up !
gold five to red leader , lost tiree , lost hutch
i copy , gold leader
they came from behind
we 've analyzed their attack , sir , and there is a danger
should i have your ship standing by ?
evacuate ?
in our moment of triumph ?
i think you overestimate their chances
rebel base , three minutes and closing
red boys , this is red leader
rendezvous at mark 6.1
this is red two flying toward you
red three standing by
red leader , this is base one
keep half your group out of range for the next run
copy , base one
luke , take red two and three
hold up here and wait for my signal to start your run
this is it
we should be able to see it by now
keep your eyes open for those fighters
there 's too much interference
red five , can you see them ?
no sign of any -- wait
coming in .35 . -- i see them
i 'm in range
target 's coming up
just hold them off for a few seconds
close up formation
almost there
let her loose
they 're right behind me . -- almost there
i ca n't hold them
it 's away !
it 's a hit !
negative . negative . it did n't go in
it just impacted on the surface
red leader , we 're right above you
turn to .05 . we 'll cover for you
stay there . i just lost my starboard engine
get set up for your attack run
rebel base , one minute and closing
biggs , wedge , let 's close it up
we 're going in full throttle
that ought to keep those fighters off our back
right with you , boss
at that speed , will you be able to pull out in time ?
it'll be just like beggars canyon back home
we 'll stay back far enough to cover you
my scope shows the tower , but i ca n't see the exhaust port
are you sure the computer can hit it ?
watch yourself . increase speed , full throttle
what about that tower ?
you worry about those fighters . i 'll worry about the tower
r2 , that stabilizer 's broken loose again
see if you ca n't lock it down
fighters coming in .3
i 'm hit . i ca n't stay with you
get clear , wedge . -- you ca n't do any more good back there
sorry
let him go . stay on the leader
hurry , luke . they 're coming in much faster this time
r2 , try and increase the power
hurry up , luke
quick
quick
rebel base , 30 seconds and closing
i 'm on the leader
hang on , r2
use the force , luke
let go , luke
the force is strong with this one
luke , trust me
his computer 's off
you switched off your targeting computer
what 's wrong ?
nothing . i 'm all right
i 've lost r2
the death star has cleared the planet
rebel base in range
you may fire when ready
commence primary ignition
i have you now
what ?
look out
you 're all clear , kid
now let 's blow this thing and go home
stand by
great shot , kid !
that was one in a million !
remember , the force will be with you always
i just knew you 'd come back
i was n't gonna let you get all the credit and take all the reward
i knew there was more to you than money
oh , no
oh , my . r2 , can you hear me ?
say something
you can repair him , ca n't you ?
we 'll get to work on him right away
you must repair him
sir , if any of my circuits or gears will help , i 'll gladly donate them
he 'll be all right . he 'll be all right
echo three to echo seven
han , old buddy , do you read me ?
loud and clear , kid . what 's up ?
i finished my circle . i do n't pick up any life readings
there is n't enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser
the sensors are placed . i 'm going back
right . i 'll see you shortly
there 's a meteorite that hit the ground near here
i want to check it out . it wo n't take long
steady
steady , girl . what 's the matter ?
you smell something ?
chewie . chewie ?
all right . do n't lose your temper
i 'll come right back and give you a hand
solo
no sign of life out there , general . the sensors are in place
you 'll know if anything comes around
commander skywalker reported in yet ?
no . he 's checking out a meteorite that hit near him
with all the meteor activity , it 's gonna be difficult to spot approaching ships
general , i gotta leave . i ca n't stay any more
i 'm sorry to hear that
there 's a price on my head
if i do n't pay off jabba the hutt , i 'm a dead man
a death mark 's not an easy thing to live with
you 're a good fighter , solo . i hate to lose you
thank you , general
well , your highness , guess this is it
that 's right
do n't get all mushy on me . so long , princess
han
yes , your highnessness
i thought you had decided to stay
the bounty hunter we ran into in ord mantell changed my mind
han , we need you
we need ?
yes
what about you need ?
i need ?
i do n't know what you 're talking about
you probably do n't
what precisely am i supposed to know ?
come on . you want me to stay because of the way you feel about me
yes . you 're a great help to us . you 're a natural leader
no . that 's not it
come on
come on
you 're imagining things
am i ?
then why are you following me ?
afraid i 'd leave without giving you a goodbye kiss ?
i 'd just as soon kiss a wookiee
i can arrange that
you could use a good kiss !
do n't blame me . i did n't ask you to turn on the thermal heater
i merely commented that it was freezing in the princess 's chamber
it 's supposed to be freezing
how we 're going to dry her clothes i really do n't know
oh , switch off !
why did you take this apart now ?
i 'm trying to get us out of here
excuse me
put them back together right now
might i have a word ?
what do you want ?
princess leia 's been trying to get you on the communicator
i turned it off . i do n't want to talk to her
princess leia is wondering about master luke . he has n't come back
she does n't know where he is
i do n't know where he is
nobody knows where he is
what do you mean , nobody knows ?
deck officer
deck officer
excuse me , sir
might i ...
do you know where commander skywalker is ?
i have n't seen him . it 's possible he came in the south entrance
it 's possible ?
why do n't you go find out ?
it 's getting dark out there
yes , sir
excuse me , sir . might i enquire what 's going on ?
why not ?
impossible man
come along , r2 . let 's find princess leia
between ourselves , i think master luke is in considerable danger
commander skywalker has n't come in the south entrance
maybe he forgot to check in
not likely . are the speeders ready ?
not yet . we 're having trouble adapting them to the cold
we 'll have to go out on tauntauns
the temperature 's dropping too rapidly
that 's right , and my friend 's out in it
your tauntaun will freeze before you reach the first marker
then i 'll see you in hell
you must come along now , r2
there 's really nothing more we can do
and my joints are freezing up
do n't say things like that . of course we 'll see master luke again
and he 'll be quite all right . you 'll see
stupid little short circuit . he 'll be quite all right
sir , all the patrols are in . still no ...
still no contact from skywalker or solo
mistress leia , r2 says he 's been quite unable to pick up any signals ... although he admits that his own range is far too weak to abandon all hope
your highness , there 's nothing more we can do tonight
the shield doors must be closed
close the doors
yes , sir
r2 says the chances of survival are 725 to 1
actually , r2 has been known to make mistakes ... from time to time
oh , dear
oh , dear
do n't worry about master luke . i 'm sure he 'll be all right
he 's quite clever , you know , for a human being
luke
luke
ben ?
you will go to the dagobah system
dagobah system ?
there you will learn from yoda ... the jedi master who instructed me
do n't do this , luke . give me a sign here
not much time
ben
hang on , kid
dagobah system . dagobah
this may smell bad , kid ...
yoda
but it'll keep you warm till i get the shelter up
ben . dagobah
i thought they smelled bad ... on the outside
echo base , i 've got something
not much , but it could be a life form
commander skywalker , do you copy ?
this is rogue two
this is rogue two
captain solo , do you copy ?
commander skywalker , do you copy ?
this is rogue two
good morning . nice of you guys to drop by
echo base , this is rogue two
i 've found them . repeat . i 've found them
master luke , sir , it 's so good to see you fully functional again . master luke , sir , it 's so good to see you fully functional again
thanks , 3po
r2 expresses his relief also
how ya feelin' , kid ?
you do n't look so bad to me
you look strong enough to pull the ears off a gundark
thanks to you
that 's two you owe me , junior
well , your worship ...
looks like you managed to keep me around for a little while longer
i had nothing to do with it
general rieekan thinks it 's dangerous for any ships to leave ... until we 've activated the energy field
that 's a good story
i think you just ca n't bear to let a gorgeous guy like me out of your sight
i do n't know where you get your delusions , laser brain
laugh it up , fuzzball ... but you did n't see us alone in the south passage
she expressed her true feelings for me
my ...
why , you stuck up , half witted ... scruffy looking nerf herder !
who 's scruffy lookin' ?
i must have hit close to the mark to get her riled up like that , huh , kid ?
i guess you do n't know everything about women yet
headquarters personnel , report to command centre
headquarters personnel , report to command centre
take it easy
excuse us , please
princess , we have a visitor
we picked up something outside zone 12 moving east
it 's metal
it could n't be one of those creatures
could be one of our speeders
no . wait
there 's something very weak coming through
sir , i am fluent in six million forms of communication
this signal is not used by the alliance . it could be an imperial code
it is n't friendly . chewie , let 's check it out
send rogues 10 and 11 to station 38
i 'm afraid there 's not much left
what was it ?
droid of some kind . i did n't hit it that hard
must have had a self destruct
an imperial probe droid
it 's a good bet the empire knows we 're here
we 'd better start the evacuation
admiral
yes , captain ?
i think we 've got something , sir
the report is only a fragment ... from a probe droid in the hoth system , but it 's the best lead we 've had
we have thousands of probe droids searching the galaxy
i want proof , not leads
the visuals indicate life readings
it could mean anything . if we followed up every lead ...
but , sir , the hoth system is supposed to be devoid of humans forms
you found something ?
yes , my lord
that 's it . the rebels are there
my lord , there are so many uncharted settlements
it could be smugglers ...
that is the system
and i 'm sure skywalker is with them
set your course for the hoth system
general veers , prepare your men
admiral
groups seven and 10 will stay behind to fly the speeders
as soon as each transport is loaded ... evacuation control will give clearance for launch
right , sir
all right . that 's it
try it
turn it off !
turn it off !
sir , it will take quite a while to evacuate the t-47 s
forget the heavy equipment . there 's time to get small modules on the transports
take care , sir
thanks
chewie , take care of yourself , okay ?
okay , okay
hi , kid
there 's gotta be a reason for it . check it at the other end
wait a second
are you all right ?
yeah
be careful
you too
general , there 's a fleet of stardestroyers ... coming out of hyperspace in sector four
reroute all power to the energy shield
we gotta hold them till all transports are away
prepare for ground assault
what is it , general ?
the fleet has moved out of light speed
comscan has detected an energy field ... protecting an area of the sixth planet of the hoth system
the field is strong enough to deflect any bombardment
the rebels are alerted to our presence
admiral ozzel came out of light speed too close to the system
he felt surprise was wiser
he is as clumsy as he is stupid
general , prepare your troops for a surface attack
yes , my lord
lord vader
the fleet has moved out of light speed , and we 're preparing to ...
you have failed me for the last time , admiral
captain piett
yes , my lord ?
make ready to land our troops beyond their energy field ... and deploy the fleet so that nothing gets off the system
you are in command now , admiral piett
thank you , lord vader
all troop carriers will assemble at the north entrance
the heavy transport ships will leave as soon as they 're loaded
only two fighter escorts per ship
the energy shield can only be opened for a short time ... so you 'll have to stay very close to your transports
two fighters against a stardestroyer ?
the ion cannon will fire several shots ... to make sure that any enemy ships will be out of your flight path
when you 've gotten past the energy shield ... proceed directly to the rendezvous point
understood ?
good luck
everybody to your stations . let 's go
their primary target will be the power generators
prepare to open shield
sir , rebel ships are coming into our sector
good . our first catch of the day
stand by , ion control
fire
the first transport is away
the first transport is away
feeling all right , sir ?
just like new , dak . how about you ?
right now i feel i could take on the whole empire myself
i know what you mean
echo station 3-t8
we 've spotted imperial walkers
imperial walkers on the north ridge
echo station 57 , we 're on our way
all right , boys , keep tight now
luke , i have no approach vector . i 'm not set
steady , dak
attack pattern delta . go now
i 'm coming in
hobbie , you still with me ?
that armour 's too strong for blasters
rogue group , use your harpoons and tow cables
go for the legs . it might be our only chance
stand by , dak
luke , we 've got a malfunction in fire control
i 'll have to cut in the auxiliary
just hang on
hang on , dak . get ready to fire that tow cable
dak ?
yes , lord vader . i 've reached the main power generators
the shield will be down in moments . you may start your landing
rogue three
copy , rogue leader
wedge , i 've lost my gunner . you 'll have to make this shot
i 'll cover for you
set your harpoon . follow me on the next pass
coming around , rogue leader
steady , rogue two
activate harpoon
good shot , janson
one more pass
cable out . let her go !
detach cable
cable detached
come on !
that got him !
i see it , wedge . good work
i do n't think we can protect two transports at a time
it 's risky , but we ca n't hold out much longer
we have no choice
launch patrol
evacuate remaining ground staff
this one goes there , that one goes there . right ?
r2 , you take good care of master luke now , understand ?
and do take good care of yourself
oh , dear
oh , dear
all troops will debark for ground assault
prepare to target the main generator
rogue two , are you all right ?
yeah . i 'm with you , rogue leader
set harpoon . i 'll cover for you
coming around
watch that crossfire , boys
set for position three
steady
stay tight and low . this is it !
hobbie !
i 've been hit !
you all right ?
why are you still here ?
heard the command centre had been hit
you 've got your clearance to leave
do n't worry . i 'll leave . first i 'm gonna get you to your ship
your highness , we must take this last transport . it 's our only hope
send all troops in sector 12 to the south slope to protect the fighters
imperial troops have entered the base
imperial troops have entered ...
come on
that 's it
give the evacuation code signal
and get to your transports
wait for me
begin retreat !
fall back !
distance to power generators ?
17.28
target . maximum firepower
transport , this is solo . take off . i ca n't get to you
i 'll get her out on the falcon . come on
where are you going ?
come back !
wait !
wait for me !
stop !
how typical
come on
hurry up , goldenrod ! you 're gonna be a permanent resident
wait ! wait !
how 's this ?
would it help if i got out and pushed ?
captain solo . captain solo
it might
sir , might i suggest that you ...
it can wait
this bucket of bolts will never get past that blockade
this baby 's got a few surprises left in her
come on !
come on !
switch over . let 's hope we do n't have a burnout
see ?
someday you 'll be wrong . i hope i 'm there to see it
punch it !
r2
get her ready for take off
good luck , luke . see you at the rendezvous
do n't worry , r2 . we 're going . we 're going
there 's nothing wrong , r2 . i 'm just setting a new course
we 're not gonna regroup with the others . we 're going to the dagobah system
yes , r2
that 's all right . i 'd like to keep it on manual control for a while
i saw 'em !
i saw 'em !
saw what ?
stardestroyers , two of 'em coming right at us
sir , might i suggest ...
shut him up or shut him down !
check the deflector shield
great . well , we can still outmanoeuvre them
take evasive action !
prepare to jump to light speed
but , sir !
they 're getting closer
oh , yeah ?
watch this
watch what ?
i think we 're in trouble
if i may say so ...
i noticed earlier the hyperdrive motivator has been damaged
it 's impossible to go to light speed
we 're in trouble
horizontal boosters !
alluvial dampers
that 's not it
bring me the hydrospanner
i do n't know how we 're gonna get out of this one
chewie !
that was n't a laser blast . something hit us
han , get up here
come on , chewie !
asteroids
chewie , set 271
what are you doing ?
you 're not actually going into an asteroid field ?
they 'd be crazy to follow us , would n't they ?
you do n't have to do this to impress me
sir , the possibility of successfully navigating an asteroid field ...
is approximately 3,720 to 1
never tell me the odds
you said you wanted to be around when i made a mistake
this could be it
i take it back
we 're gonna get pulverized if we stay out here much longer
ai n't gonna argue with that
pulverized ?
i 'm going closer to one of the big ones
closer ?
closer ?
this is suicide !
there 's nowhere to go
there . that looks pretty good
what looks pretty good ?
yeah . that 'll do nicely
excuse me , ma'am , but where are we going ?
i hope you know what you 're doing
yeah . me too
yep , that 's it . dagobah
no , i 'm not gonna change my mind about this
i 'm not picking up any cities or technology
massive life form readings though
there 's something alive down there
yes . i 'm sure it 's perfectly safe for droids
i know !
i know !
all the scopes are dead . i ca n't see a thing
just hang on . i 'm gonna start the landing cycle
no , r2 , you stay put . i 'll have a look around
r2 ?
where are you ?
r2 !
you be more careful
r2 , that way
r2 !
oh , no
are you all right ?
come on
you were lucky to get out of there
anything broken ?
if you 're saying coming here was a bad idea ...
i 'm beginning to agree with ya
r2 , what are we doing here ?
it 's like ... something out of a dream or ...
i do n't know
maybe i 'm just going crazy
yes , admiral ?
our ships have sighted the millennium falcon , lord ... but it has entered an asteroid field , and we cannot risk ...
asteroids do not concern me , admiral
i want that ship , not excuses
yes , lord
i 'm gonna shut down everything but the emergency power systems
sir , i 'm almost afraid to ask , but does that include shutting me down too ?
no
i need you to talk to the falcon ... find out what 's wrong with the hyperdrive
sir , it 's quite possible this asteroid is not entirely stable
not entirely stable ?
i 'm glad you 're here to tell us these things
chewie , take the professor in the back and plug him into the hyperdrive
sometimes i just do n't understand human behaviour
after all , i 'm only trying to do my job
let go
let go , please
do n't get excited
captain , being held by you is n't quite enough to get me excited
sorry , sweetheart
i have n't got time for anything else
ready for some power ?
okay
let 's see now
put that in there . there you go
now all i gotta do is find this yoda ... if he even exists
it 's really a strange place to find a jedi master
this place gives me the creeps
still ... there 's something familiar about this place
i do n't know
i feel like ...
feel like what ?
like we 're being watched
away put your weapon . i mean you no harm
i am wondering , why are you here ?
i 'm looking for someone
looking ?
found someone you have , i would say
right
help you i can . yes
i do n't think so
i 'm looking for a great warrior
great warrior
wars not make one great
put that down
hey ! that 's my dinner
how you get so big eating food of this kind ?
listen , friend , we did n't mean to land in that puddle
if we could get our ship out , we would . but we ca n't
aw , cannot get your ship out
get out of there
hey , you could have broken this
do n't do that
you 're making a mess
hey , give me that
mine , or i will help you not
i do n't want your help . i want my lamp back
i 'm gonna need it to get out of this slimy mud hole
mud hole ?
slimy ?
my home this is
r2 , let him have it
mine ! mine !
mine !
r2
will you move along , little fella ?
we got a lot of work to do
stay and help you i will . find your friend
i 'm not looking for a friend . i 'm looking for a jedi master
jedi master . yoda
you seek yoda
you know him ?
take you to him i will
yes , yes , but now we must eat
come . good food . come
come , come
r2 ... stay and watch after the camp
where is r2 when i need him ?
sir , i do n't know where your ship learned to communicate ... but it has the most peculiar dialect
i believe it says the power coupling on the negative axis has been polarized
i 'm afraid you 'll have to replace it
well , of course i 'll have to replace it
here
and , chewie ...
i think we better replace the negative power coupling
hey , your worship , i 'm only trying to help
would you please stop calling me that ?
sure , leia
you make it so difficult sometimes
i do . i really do
you could be a little nicer though
admit it . sometimes you think i 'm all right
occasionally , maybe ... when you are n't acting like a scoundrel
scoundrel ?
i like the sound of that
stop that
stop what ?
stop that . my hands are dirty
my hands are dirty too . what are you afraid of ?
afraid ?
you 're trembling
i 'm not trembling
you like me because i 'm a scoundrel
there are n't enough scoundrels in your life
i happen to like nice men
i 'm a nice man
no , you 're not
sir , sir !
i 've isolated the reverse power flux coupling
thank you
thank you very much
you 're perfectly welcome , sir
that , lord vader , was the last time they appeared in any of our scopes
considering the damage we 've sustained , they must have been destroyed
no , captain , they 're alive
i want every ship available to sweep the asteroid field until they are found
lord vader
yes , admiral . what is it ?
the emperor commands you to make contact with him
move the ship out of the asteroid field ... so that we can send a clear transmission
yes , my lord
what is thy bidding , my master ?
there is a great disturbance in the force
i have felt it
we have a new enemy ... the young rebel who destroyed the death star
i have no doubt this boy ... is the offspring of anakin skywalker
how is that possible ?
search your feelings , lord vader
you will know it to be true
he could destroy us
he 's just a boy
obi-wan can no longer help him
the force is strong with him
the son of skywalker must not become a jedi
if he could be turned ... he would become a powerful ally
yes
he would be a great asset
can it be done ?
he will join us or die , master
i 'm sure it 's delicious
i just do n't understand why we ca n't see yoda now
patience . for the jedi , it is time to eat as well
eat . eat
hot
good food . good
how far away is yoda ?
will it take us long to get there ?
not far . yoda not far
patience . soon you will be with him
root leaf . i cook
why wish you become jedi ?
mostly 'cause of my father , i guess
father . powerful jedi was he
powerful jedi
oh , come on
how could you know my father ?
you do n't even know who i am
i do n't even know what i 'm doing here . we 're wasting our time !
i cannot teach him
the boy has no patience
he will learn patience
much anger in him ... like his father
was i any different when you taught me ?
no
he is not ready
yoda
i am ready
i can be a jedi . ben , tell him i 'm ...
ready , are you ?
what know you ready ?
for 800 years have i trained jedi
my own counsel will i keep on who is to be trained
a jedi must have the deepest commitment ... the most serious mind
this one a long time have i watched
all his life has he looked away ... to the future , to the horizon
never his mind on where he was ... what he was doing
adventure
excitement
a jedi craves not these things
you are reckless
so was i , if you remember
he is too old
yes , too old to begin the training
but i 've learned so much
will he finish what he begins ?
i wo n't fail you
i 'm not afraid
you will be
you will be
sir , if i may venture an opinion ...
i 'm not interested in your opinion
there 's something out there
where ?
outside in the cave
there it is . listen !
i 'm going out there
are you crazy ?
i just got this bucket together . i wo n't let it get torn apart
then i 'm going with you
i think it might be better if i stay behind and guard the ship
oh , no
this ground sure feels strange
it does n't feel like rock
there 's an awful lot of moisture in here
i do n't know . i have a bad feeling about this
yeah
watch out !
it 's all right . it 's all right
yeah , that 's what i thought ... mynock
chewie , check the rest of the ship and make sure there are no more attached ... chewing on the power cables
mynocks ?
go inside . we 'll clean them off if there are any more
go away !
go away , beastly thing !
shoo !
wait a minute
chewie , let 's get out of here !
the empire is still out there !
no time to discuss this in committee !
i am not a committee !
you ca n't make the jump to light speed in this asteroid field
sit down , sweetheart . we 're taking off
look ! -- i see it
we 're doomed !
the cave is collapsing
this is no cave
what ?
yes , run
yes
a jedi 's strength flows from the force
but beware of the dark side . anger , fear , aggression ...
the dark side of the force are they
easily they flow , quick to join you in a fight
if once you start down the dark path ... forever will it dominate your destiny
consume you it will , as it did obi-wan 's apprentice
vader
is the dark side stronger ?
no , no
quicker , easier , more seductive
how am i to know the good side from the bad ?
you will know ... when you are calm , at peace ... passive
a jedi uses the force for knowledge and defence ... never for attack
but tell me why i ca n't ... -- no
there is no why
nothing more will i teach you today
clear your mind of questions
there 's something not right here
i feel cold
that place ... is strong with the dark side of the force
a domain of evil it is
in you must go
what 's in there ?
only what you take with you
your weapons ... you will not need them
bounty hunters . we do n't need their scum
yes , sir
those rebels wo n't escape us
sir , we have a priority signal from the stardestroyer avenger
right
there will be a substantial reward for the one who finds the millennium falcon
you are free to use any methods necessary ... but i want them alive
no disintegrations
as you wish
lord vader
my lord , we have them
thank goodness we 're coming out of the asteroid field
let 's get out of here . ready for light speed ?
one , two ... three !
it 's not fair
transfer circuits are n't working . it 's not my fault
no light speed ?
it 's not my fault
sir , we just lost the main rear deflector shield
one more direct hit on the back quarter and we 're done for
turn her around
turn her around !
i 'm gonna put all power in the front shield
you 're gonna attack ?
the odds of surviving ... a direct assault on an imperial stardestroyer ...
shut up !
they 're moving to attack position
shields up
track them . they may come around for another pass
captain needa , the ship no longer appears on our scopes
they ca n't have disappeared . no ship that small has a cloaking device
there 's no trace of them
captain , lord vader demands an update
get a shuttle ready
i shall assume full responsibility for losing them and apologize to lord vader
meanwhile , continue to scan the area
yes , captain needa
use the force
yes
now , the stone
feel it
concentrate !
oh , no . we 'll never get it out now
so certain are you
always with you it cannot be done
hear you nothing that i say ?
master , moving stones around is one thing
this is totally different . no
no different
only different in your mind
you must unlearn what you have learned
all right . i 'll give it a try
try not
do ... or do not
there is no try
i ca n't . it 's too big
size matters not
look at me . judge me by my size , do you ?
and well you should not ... for my ally is the force
and a powerful ally it is
life creates it ... makes it grow
its energy surrounds us ... and binds us
luminous beings are we , not this crude matter
you must feel the force around you
here , between you , me ... the tree , the rock ... everywhere
yes ... even between the land and the ship
you want the impossible
i do n't believe it
that is why you fail
apology accepted , captain needa
lord vader , our ships have completed their scan and found nothing
if the millennium falcon went into light speed ... it'll be on the other side of the galaxy now
alert all commands
calculate every possible destination along their last known trajectory
yes , my lord . we 'll find them
do n't fail me again ...
admiral
alert all commands . deploy the fleet
captain solo , this time you have gone too far
i will not be quiet , chewbacca
why does n't anyone listen to me ?
the fleet 's beginning to break up
go stand by the manual release for the landing claw
i really do n't see how that 's going to help
surrender is a perfectly acceptable alternative in extreme circumstances
the empire may be gracious enough ...
thank you
what did you have in mind next ?
if they follow standard imperial procedure ... they 'll dump their garbage before they go to light speed
then we just float away
with the rest of the garbage
then what ?
then we gotta find a safe port somewhere around here
any ideas ?
where are we ?
the anoat system
the anoat system . there 's not much there
oh , wait . this is interesting
lando
lando system ?
lando 's not a system . he 's a man . lando calrissian
card player , gambler
a scoundrel . you 'd like him . -- thanks
bespin
it 's pretty far , but i think we can make it
a mining colony ?
yeah , a tibanna gas mine
lando conned somebody out of it
we go back a long way , lando and me
can you trust him ?
no
but he 's got no love for the empire . i can tell you that
here we go , chewie . stand by . detach
you do have your moments
not many of them , but you do have them
concentrate
feel the force flow
yes
good
calm
yes
through the force , things you will see
other places . the future . the past
old friends long gone
control , control
you must learn control
i saw a city in the clouds
friends you have there
they were in pain
it is the future you see
future ?
will they die ?
difficult to see
always in motion is the future
i 've gotta go to them
decide you must how to serve them best
if you leave now , help them you could ... but you would destroy all for which they have fought and suffered
no , i do n't have a landing permit
i 'm trying to reach lando calrissian
wait a minute !
let me explain !
you will not deviate from your present course
rather touchy , are n't they ?
i thought you knew this person
that was a long time ago . i 'm sure he 's forgotten about that
permission granted to land on platform 327
thank you
nothing to worry about . we go way back , lando and me
who 's worried ?
no one to meet us
i do n't like this
what would you like ?
they did let us land
look , do n't worry . everything 's gonna be fine
trust me
see ? my friend
keep your eyes open
hey
why , you slimy , double crossing , no good swindler
you 've got a lot of guts coming here , after what you pulled
how you doin' , you old pirate ?
so good to see you !
i never thought i 'd see you again
well , he seems very friendly
yes . very friendly
what are you doing here ? repairs
i thought you could help me out
what have you done to my ship ? -- your ship ?
hey , remember , you lost her to me fair and square
how you doin' , chewbacca ?
still hanging around with this loser ?
hello . what have we here ?
welcome . i 'm lando calrissian . i 'm the administrator of this facility
and who might you be ?
leia
welcome , leia
all right , all right . you old smoothie
hello , sir
i am c-3po , human cyborg relations
my facilities are at your ...
well , really !
what 's wrong with the falcon ?
hyperdrive
i 'll get my people to work on her . -- good
that ship saved my life quite a few times
she 's the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy
how 's the gas mine ?
still paying off for you ?
not as well as i 'd like . we 're a small outpost and not very self sufficient
i 've had supply problems of every kind
i 've had labour difficulties
what 's so funny ? -- you
listen to you
you sound like a businessman , a responsible leader
who 'd have thought that , huh ?
seeing you sure brings back a few things
yeah
yeah , i 'm responsible these days
it 's the price you pay for being successful
nice to see a familiar face
how rude !
that sounds like an r2 unit in there
i wonder if ...
hello ?
how interesting
who are you ? -- oh , my
i 'm terribly sorry
i did n't mean to intrude . please do n't get up
luke , you must complete the training
i ca n't keep the vision out of my head . i 've gotta help them
you must not go
but han and leia will die if i do n't . -- you do n't know that
even yoda cannot see their fate
but i can help them . i feel the force
but you cannot control it
this is a dangerous time for you ... when you will be tempted by the dark side of the force
yes , yes . to obi-wan you listen
the cave
remember your failure at the cave
but i 've learned so much since then
master yoda , i promise to return and finish what i 've begun
you have my word
it is you and your abilities the emperor wants
that is why your friends are made to suffer
that 's why i have to go
luke , i do n't want to lose you to the emperor the way i lost vader
you wo n't
stopped they must be . on this all depends
only a fully trained jedi knight , with the force as his ally ... will conquer vader and his emperor
if you end your training now ... if you choose the quick and easy path , as vader did ... you will become an agent of evil
and sacrifice han and leia ?
if you choose to face vader , you will do it alone
i cannot interfere
i understand
r2 , fire up the converters
do n't give in to hate
that leads to the dark side
strong is vader
mind what you have learned . save you it can
i will
and i 'll return . i promise
told you , i did . reckless is he
now ... matters are worse
that boy is our last hope
no , there is another
the ship 's almost finished . two or three more things and we 're in great shape
the sooner the better . something 's wrong here
no one has seen or knows anything about 3po
he 's been gone too long to have gotten lost
relax
i 'll talk to lando and see what i can find out
i do n't trust lando
well , i do n't trust him either , but he is my friend
besides , we 'll soon be gone
then you 're as good as gone , are n't you ?
what happened ?
where ?
found him in a junk pile ? what a mess
chewie , you think you can repair him ?
lando 's got people that can fix him
no , thanks
i 'm sorry . am i interrupting anything ?
not really
you look absolutely beautiful
you truly belong here with us among the clouds
thank you
would you join me for a little refreshment ?
everyone 's invited , of course
having trouble with your droid ? no
no problem . why ?
you see , since we 're a small operation ... we do n't fall into the jurisdiction of the empire
so you 're part of the mining guild ? -- no , not actually
our operation is small enough not to be noticed
which is advantageous for everybody ... since our customers are anxious to avoid attracting attention to themselves
are n't you afraid the empire 's gonna find out , shut you down ?
it 's been a danger that looms like a shadow over everything we 've built
but things have developed that 'll ensure security
i 've just made a deal that 'll keep the empire out of here forever
we would be honoured if you would join us
i had no choice . they arrived right before you did
i 'm sorry
i 'm sorry too
no , 3po 's with them
just hang on . we 're almost there
i 'm terribly sorry . i did n't mean to intrude
no , please do n't get up
stormtroopers ?
here ? we 're in danger
i must tell the others
oh , no ! i 've been shot !
lord vader
you may take captain solo to jabba the hutt ... after i have skywalker
he 's no good to me dead
he will not be permanently damaged
lord vader , what about leia and the wookiee ?
they must never again leave this city
that was n't part of our agreement , nor was giving han to this bounty hunter !
perhaps you think you 're being treated unfairly ?
no . good
it would be unfortunate if i had to leave a garrison here
this deal is getting worse all the time
oh , yes , that 's very good . i like that
something 's not right because now i ca n't see
that 's much better
wait . wait . oh , my !
what have you done ?
i 'm backwards !
you flea bitten furball !
only an overgrown mophead like you would be stupid enough ...
i feel terrible
why are they doing this ?
they never even asked me any questions
get out of here , lando
shut up and listen
vader 's agreed to turn leia and chewie over to me
they 'll have to stay here , but they 'll be safe . -- and han ?
vader 's given him to the bounty hunter
vader wants us all dead
he does n't want you at all
he 's after somebody called skywalker
lord vader set a trap for him
and we 're the bait
he 's on his way . -- perfect
you fixed us all real good , did n't you ?
my friend
stop !
i 've done all i can
sorry i could n't do better , but i got my own problems
yeah
you 're a real hero
you certainly have a way with people
this facility is crude ... but it should be adequate to freeze skywalker ... for his journey to the emperor
lord vader , ship approaching , x-wing class . good
monitor skywalker and allow him to land
lord vader , we only use this facility for carbon freezing . it might kill him
i do not want the emperor 's prize damaged
we will test it on captain solo
if you 'd attached my legs i would n't be in this ridiculous position
now remember , chewbacca , you have a responsibility for me ... so do n't do anything foolish
what 's going on , buddy ?
you 're being put into carbon freeze
what if he does n't survive ?
he 's worth a lot to me
the empire will compensate you if he dies . put him in
chewbacca , stop !
no , chewie , stop !
you 're going to get us all killed ! yes , stop . i 'm not ready to die
hey !
listen to me
chewie , this wo n't help me
hey , save your strength . there 'll be another time
the princess
you have to take care of her
do you hear me ?
i love you
i know
what 's going on ?
turn round . i ca n't see
they 've encased him in carbonite
he should be quite well protected ... if he survived the freezing process , that is
well , calrissian , did he survive ?
yes , he 's alive
and in perfect hibernation
he 's all yours , bounty hunter
reset the chamber for skywalker
skywalker has just landed , lord . good
see to it that he finds his way in here
calrissian ... take the princess and the wookiee to my ship
you said they 'd be left under my supervision
i am altering the deal
pray i do n't alter it any further
luke , do n't !
it 's a trap !
it 's a trap !
the force is with you , young skywalker
but you are not a jedi yet
well done
hold them in the security tower . and keep it quiet
move
what do you think you 're doing ?
we 're getting out of here . i knew all along
it had to be a mistake
do you think that after what you did to han ...
i had no choice
what are you doing ?
trust him !
we understand , do n't we , chewie ? he had no choice
i 'm just trying to help
we do n't need any of your help
there 's still a chance to save han ... at the east ... platform
it sounds like han
i 'm terribly sorry about all this
after all , he 's only a wookiee
put captain solo in the cargo hold
r2 , where have you been ? wait
turn around , you woolly ...
we 're trying to save han from the bounty hunter
well , at least you 're still in one piece
look what 's happened to me
oh , no !
chewie , they 're behind you !
you have learned much , young one
you 'll find i 'm full of surprises
your destiny lies with me , skywalker
obi-wan knew this to be true
all too easy
perhaps you 're not as strong as the emperor thought
impressive
most impressive
obi-wan has taught you well . you have controlled your fear
now , release your anger
only your hatred can destroy me
the security code has been changed
r2 , you can tell the computer to override the security systems
r2 , hurry
attention . this is lando calrissian . attention
the empire has taken control of the city
i advise everyone to leave before more imperial troops arrive
this way
well , do n't blame me . i 'm an interpreter
i 'm not supposed to know a power socket from a computer terminal
we 're not interested in the hyperdrive on the falcon . it 's fixed !
just open the door , you stupid lump !
i never doubted you for a second . wonderful !
that hurts !
bend down , you thoughtless ...
go !
i thought that hairy beast would be the end of me
of course i 've looked better
you are beaten . it is useless to resist
do n't let yourself be destroyed as obi-wan did
there is no escape
do n't make me destroy you
you do not yet realize your importance
you have only begun to discover your power
join me ... and i will complete your training
with our combined strength ... we can end this destructive conflict ... and bring order to the galaxy
i 'll never join you !
if you only knew the power of the dark side
obi-wan never told you what happened to your father
he told me enough
he told me you killed him
i am your father
that 's not true
that 's impossible !
search your feelings . you know it to be true
you can destroy the emperor . he has foreseen this
it is your destiny
join me ... and together we can rule the galaxy as father and son
come with me
it is the only way
ben
ben , please
hear me
we 've got to go back . -- what ?
i know where luke is
what about those fighters ?
chewie , just do it
all right , all right !
alert my stardestroyer to prepare for my arrival
look , someone 's up there
it 's luke . chewie , slow down
we 'll get under him . lando , open the top hatch
okay . easy , chewie
lando ?
okay , let 's go
all right , chewie . let 's go
i 'll be back
stardestroyer
all right , chewie . ready for light speed
if your people fixed the hyperdrive
all the coordinates are set . it 's now or never
punch it !
they told me they fixed it
i trusted them !
it 's not my fault !
they 'll be in range of our tractor beam in moments , lord
did your men deactivate the hyperdrive on the millennium falcon ?
yes , my lord . -- good
prepare the boarding party and set your weapons for stun
yes , my lord . lieutenant
yes , sir
noisy brute . why do n't we just go into light speed ?
we ca n't ?
how would you know the hyperdrive is deactivated ?
the city 's central computer told you ?
r2-d2 , you know better than to trust a strange computer
pay attention to what you 're doing
father
son , come with me
ben
why did n't you tell me ?
it 's vader
luke , it is your destiny
why did n't you tell me ?
alert all commands . ready for the tractor beam
r2 , come back at once !
you have n't finished with me yet
you do n't know how to fix the hyperdrive . chewbacca can do it
i 'm standing here in pieces and you 're having delusions of grandeur !
you did it !
luke , we 're ready for take off
good luck , lando
when we find jabba the hutt and that bounty hunter , we 'll contact you
i 'll meet you at the rendezvous point on tatooine
princess , we 'll find han . i promise
chewie , i 'll be waiting for your signal
take care , you two
may the force be with you
command station , this is st-321
code clearance blue . we 're starting our approach
deactivate the security shield
the security deflector shield will be deactivated ... when we have confirmation of your code transmission
stand by
you are clear to proceed
we 're starting our approach
inform the commander that lord vader 's shuttle has arrived . sir
lord vader , this is an unexpected pleasure . we 're honoured
you may dispense with the pleasantries , commander
i 'm here to put you back on schedule
i assure you , lord vader , my men are working as fast as they can
perhaps i can find new ways to motivate them
i tell you this station will be operational as planned
the emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation
but he asks the impossible . i need more men
then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives
the emperor 's coming here ?
that is correct , commander ... and he is most displeased with your apparent lack of progress
we shall double our efforts
i hope so , commander , for your sake
the emperor is not as forgiving as i am
of course i 'm worried . and you should be too
lando calrissian and poor chewbacca never returned from this awful place
do n't be so sure
if i told you half the things i 've heard about this jabba the hutt ... you 'd probably short circuit
r2 , are you sure this is the right place ?
i 'd better knock , i suppose
there does n't seem to be anyone here . let 's go back and tell master luke
goodness gracious me !
i do n't think they 're going to let us in , r2
we 'd better go
r2 , wait
oh , dear . r2
r2 , i really do n't think we should rush into all this
oh , r2 !
r2 , wait for me !
just you deliver master luke 's message and get us out of here
oh , my !
oh , no
oh , my
we bring a message to your master , jabba the hutt
and a gift
what gift ?
he says that our instructions are to give it only to jabba himself
i 'm terribly sorry . i 'm afraid he 's ever so stubborn about these sort of things
r2 , i have a bad feeling about this
good morning
the message , r2 . the message
greetings , exalted one
allow me to introduce myself
i am luke skywalker , jedi knight and friend to captain solo
i know that you are powerful , mighty jabba ... and that your anger with solo must be equally powerful
i seek an audience with your greatness to bargain for solo 's life
with your wisdom , i 'm sure we can work out an arrangement ... which will be mutually beneficial ... and enable us to avoid any unpleasant confrontation
as a token of my goodwill , i present to you a gift -- these two droids
what did he say ?
both are hard working and will serve you well
this ca n't be . r2 , you 're playing the wrong message
he 's no jedi
we 're doomed
r2 , look . captain solo
and he 's still frozen in carbonite
what could possibly have come over master luke ?
was it something i did ?
he never expressed any unhappiness with my work
how horrid !
good . new acquisitions
you are a protocol droid , are you not ?
i am c-3po --
yes or no will do
well , yes
how many languages do you speak ?
i am fluent in over six million forms of communication and can readily --
splendid
we have been without an interpreter ... since our master got angry with our last protocol droid ... and disintegrated him
disintegrated ?
guard , this protocol droid might be useful
fit him with a restraining bolt ... and take him back up to his excellency 's main audience chamber
r2 , do n't leave me !
you 're a feisty little one ... but you 'll soon learn some respect
i have need for you on the master 's sail barge ... and i think you 'll fill in nicely
chewbacca
yes , i am here , your worshipfulness
yes ?
the illustrious jabba bids you welcome ... and will gladly pay you the reward of 25,000
" 50,000 . no less . "
what did i say ?
the mighty jabba asks why he must pay 50,000
because he 's holding a thermal detonator
jabba offers the sum of 35 ... and i do suggest you take it
he agrees !
just relax for a moment
you 're free of the carbonite
you have hibernation sickness
i ca n't see
your eyesight will return in time
where am i ?
jabba 's palace
who are you ?
someone who loves you
leia
i gotta get you out of here
what 's that ?
i know that laugh
hey , jabba
look , jabba , i was just on my way to pay you back
i got a little sidetracked . it 's not my fault
look --
take him away
you 're throwing away a fortune here
we have powerful friends
you 're gonna regret this
i ca n't bear to watch
chewie ?
chewie , is that you ?
wait a minute . i ca n't see , pal
what 's going on ?
luke 's crazy
he ca n't even take care of himself , much less rescue anybody
a jedi knight ?
i 'm out of it for a little while , everybody gets delusions of grandeur
i 'm all right , pal
i 'm all right
i must speak with jabba
no bargain
you will take me to jabba now
you serve your master well
and you will be rewarded
at last ! master luke 's come to rescue me
master
luke skywalker , jedi knight
i must be allowed to speak
you will bring captain solo and the wookiee to me
nevertheless ...
i 'm taking captain solo and his friends
you can either profit by this or be destroyed
it 's your choice , but i warn you not to underestimate my powers
master luke , you 're standing on --
oh , no !
the rancor !
are you all right ?
together again , huh ?
would n't miss it
how are we doin' ?
same as always . -- that bad , huh ?
where 's leia ?
i 'm here
oh , dear
his high exaltedness , the great jabba the hutt ... has decreed that you are to be terminated immediately
good
you will therefore be taken to the dune sea ... and cast into the pit of carkoon ... nesting place of the all powerful sarlacc
does n't sound so bad
in his belly , you will find a new definition of pain and suffering ... as you are slowly digested over 1,000 years
on second thought , let 's pass on that
you should have bargained , jabba
that 's the last mistake you 'll ever make
i think my eyes are getting better . instead of a big dark blur , i see a big light blur
there 's nothing to see
i used to live here , you know . you 're gonna die here , you know
convenient . just stick close to chewie and lando
i 've taken care of everything
great
i 'm terribly sorry
r2 , what are you doing here ?
i can see you 're serving drinks , but this place is dangerous
they 're going to execute master luke , and if we 're not careful , us too
i wish i had your confidence
victims of the almighty sarlacc ...
his excellency hopes that you will die honourably
but should any of you wish to beg for mercy ... the great jabba the hutt will now listen to your pleas
3po , you tell that slimy piece of worm ridden filth ... he 'll get no such pleasure from us !
right ?
this is your last chance
free us or die
easy , chewie
help !
chewie , you 're hit ? where is it ?
han , chewie ! lando
boba fett ?
boba fett ? where ?
lando , grab it !
lower it !
i 'm trying !
grab me , chewie . grab it !
grab it . almost . you almost got it
gently , now
easy . hold me , chewie
chewie , give me the gun
do n't move , lando . -- wait !
i thought you were blind !
i can see a lot better . do n't move
a little higher !
chewie , pull us up
up , chewie
we gotta get out of here
not my eyes !
r2 , help !
quickly , r2 !
beast !
get the gun !
point it at the deck
r2 , where are we going ?
i could n't possibly --
come on
do n't forget the droids . -- we 're on our way
i 'll meet you back at the fleet
hurry . the alliance should be assembled by now
i will
luke , thanks
thanks for coming after me . now i owe you one
that 's right , r2 . we 're going to the dagobah system
i have a promise to keep ... to an old friend
rise , my friend
the death star will be completed on schedule
you 've done well , lord vader
now i sense you wish to continue your search for young skywalker
yes , my master
patience , my friend
in time , he will seek you out
when he does , you must bring him before me
he has grown strong
only together can we turn him to the dark side of the force
as you wish
everything is proceeding as i have foreseen
that face you make --
look i so old to young eyes ?
no , of course not
i do
yes , i do
sick have i become
old and weak
when 900 years old you reach ...
look as good you will not
soon will i rest
yes . forever sleep
earned it i have
master yoda , you ca n't die
strong am i with the force ... but not that strong
twilight is upon me , and soon night must fall
that is the way of things ... the way of the force
but i need your help
i 've come back to complete the training
no more training do you require
already know you that which you need
then i am a jedi
not yet
one thing remains --
vader . you must confront vader
then -- only then -- a jedi will you be
and confront him you will
master yoda ... is darth vader my father ?
rest i need
yes
rest
yoda , i must know
your father he is
told you , did he ?
yes
unexpected this is
and unfortunate
unfortunate that i know the truth ?
no
unfortunate that you rushed to face him ... that incomplete was your training ... that not ready for the burden were you
i 'm sorry
remember , a jedi 's strength flows from the force
but beware
anger , fear , aggression ... the dark side are they
once you start down the dark path ... forever will it dominate your destiny
do not --
do not underestimate the powers of the emperor ... or suffer your father 's fate you will
when gone am i ... the last of the jedi will you be
the force runs strong in your family
pass on what you have learned
there is ... another ...
skywalker
i ca n't do it , r2
i ca n't go on alone
yoda will always be with you
obi-wan
why did n't you tell me ?
you told me vader betrayed and murdered my father
your father was seduced by the dark side of the force
he ceased to be anakin skywalker and became darth vader
when that happened ... the good man who was your father was destroyed
so what i told you was true ... from a certain point of view
a certain point of view ?
luke , you 're going to find that many of the truths we cling to ... depend greatly on our own point of view
anakin was a good friend
when i first knew him ... your father was already a great pilot ... but i was amazed how strongly the force was with him
i took it upon myself to train him as a jedi
i thought that i could instruct him just as well as yoda . i was wrong
there is still good in him
he 's more machine now than man ... twisted and evil
i ca n't do it , ben
you cannot escape your destiny
you must face darth vader again
i ca n't kill my own father
then the emperor has already won
you were our only hope
yoda spoke of another
the other he spoke of is your twin sister
but i have no sister
to protect you both from the emperor ... you were hidden from your father when you were born
the emperor knew , as i did ... if anakin were to have any offspring ... they would be a threat to him
that is the reason why your sister remains safely anonymous
leia is my sister . -- your insight serves you well
bury your feelings deep down , luke
they do you credit ... but they could be made to serve the emperor
look at you . a general , huh ?
someone must have told them about my manoeuvre at the battle of tanaab
do n't look at me , pal . i just said you were a fair pilot
i did n't know they were looking for somebody to lead this crazy attack
i 'm surprised they did n't ask you to do it
who says they did n't ? but i ai n't crazy
you 're the respectable one , remember ?
the emperor 's made a critical error and the time for our attack has come
the data brought to us by the bothan spies pinpoint the exact location ... of the emperor 's new battle station
we also know that the weapon systems ... of this death star are not yet operational
with the imperial fleet spread throughout the galaxy ... in a vain effort to engage us ... it is relatively unprotected
but most important of all ... we 've learned that the emperor himself ... is personally overseeing the final stages ... of the construction of this death star
many bothans died to bring us this information
admiral ackbar , please
you can see here the death star orbiting the forest moon of endor
although the weapon systems on this death star are not yet operational ... the death star does have a strong defence mechanism
it is protected by an energy shield ... which is generated from the nearby forest moon of endor
the shield must be deactivated if any attack is to be attempted
once the shield is down , our cruisers will create a perimeter ... while the fighters fly into the superstructure ... and attempt to knock out the main reactor
general calrissian has volunteered to lead the fighter attack
good luck
you 're gonna need it
general madine
we have stolen a small imperial shuttle
disguised as a cargo ship and using a secret imperial code ... a strike team will land on the moon and deactivate the shield generator
sounds dangerous . wonder who they found to pull that off
general solo , is your strike team assembled ?
my team 's ready . i do n't have a command crew for the shuttle
it 's gonna be rough . i did n't wanna speak for you
that 's one
general , count me in
i 'm with you too
what is it ?
ask me again sometime
hi , han , chewie
" exciting " is hardly the word i would choose
look , i want you to take her
i mean it
take her . you need all the help you can get
she 's the fastest ship in the fleet
all right , old buddy
i know what she means to you
i 'll take good care of her . she wo n't get a scratch
all right ?
right
i got your promise . not a scratch
would you get going , you pirate ?
good luck
you too
got her warmed ?
i do n't think the empire had wookiees in mind when they designed her , chewie
hey , you awake ?
yeah . i just got a funny feeling , like i 'm not gonna see her again
come on , general . let 's move
right . chewie , let 's see what this piece of junk can do
ready , everybody ?
here we go again
all right , hang on
what is thy bidding , my master ?
send the fleet to the far side of endor
there it will stay until called for
what of the reports of the rebel fleet massing near sullust ?
it is of no concern
soon the rebellion will be crushed and young skywalker will be one of us
your work here is finished , my friend
go out to the command ship and await my orders
yes , my master
if they do n't go for this , we 're gonna have to get out pretty quick
we have you on our screen now . please identify
shuttle tydirium requesting deactivation of the deflector shield
shuttle tydirium , transmit the clearance code for shield passage
transmission commencing
now we find out if that code is worth the price we paid
it'll work . it'll work
vader 's on that ship
do n't get jittery , luke
there are a lot of command ships
keep your distance , chewie , but do n't look like you 're keeping your distance
i do n't know . fly casual
where is that shuttle going ?
shuttle tydirium , what is your cargo and destination ?
parts and technical crew for the forest moon
do they have a code clearance ?
it 's an older code , sir , but it checks out
i was about to clear them
i 'm endangering the mission . i should n't have come
it 's your imagination , kid
come on . let 's keep a little optimism here
shall i hold them ?
leave them to me
i will deal with them myself
as you wish , my lord . carry on
they 're not going for it , chewie
shuttle tydirium ... deactivation of the shield will commence immediately
follow your present course
okay . i told you it was gonna work
no problem
i told you it was dangerous here
should we try and go around ?
it'll take time
this whole party will be for nothing if they see us
chewie and i will take care of this . you stay here . quietly
there might be more of them out there
hey ... it 's me
go for help !
go ! great . come on !
over there !
two more of them
i see them . wait
hey , wait !
quick , jam their comlink
move closer
get alongside that one
keep on that one . i 'll take these two
general solo , somebody 's coming
where 's leia ?
she did n't come back ?
i thought she was with you
we got separated . we better go look for her
take the squad ahead . we 'll meet at the shield generator at 0300
come on , r2 . we 'll need your scanners
do n't worry , master luke . we know what to do
and you said it was pretty here
cut it out
i 'm not gonna hurt you
well , looks like i 'm stuck here
trouble is , i do n't know where here is
maybe you can help me
come on . sit down
i promise i wo n't hurt you . now come here
all right . you want something to eat ?
that 's right
come on
look . it 's a hat
it 's not gonna hurt you . look
you 're a jittery little thing , are n't you ?
what is it ?
freeze !
come on . get up
get your ride . take her back to base
yes , sir
what the --
come on
i told you to remain on the command ship
a small rebel force has penetrated the shield and landed on endor
yes , i know
my son is with them
are you sure ?
i have felt him , my master
strange that i have not
i wonder if your feelings on this matter are clear , lord vader
they are clear , my master
then you must go to the sanctuary moon and wait for him
he will come to me ?
i have foreseen it
his compassion for you will be his undoing
he will come to you , and then you will bring him before me
as you wish
master luke
there 's two more wrecked speeders back there
and i found this
i 'm afraid that r2 's sensors can find no trace of princess leia
i hope she 's all right
what , chewie ?
what , chewie ?
i do n't get it . it 's just a dead animal
chewie , wait ! do n't !
nice work
great , chewie . great
always thinking with your stomach . take it easy
let 's just figure a way to get out of this thing
han , can you reach my lightsaber ? yeah
sure
r2 , i 'm not sure that 's such a good idea
it 's a very long drop !
hey
hey !
han , do n't . it'll be all right
chewie , give them your crossbow
oh , my head
oh , my goodness
do you understand anything they 're saying ?
oh , yes , master luke
remember that i am fluent in over six million forms --
what are you telling them ?
" hello , " i think
i could be mistaken -- they 're using a very primitive dialect -- but i do believe they think i am some sort of god
why do n't you use your divine influence and get us out of this ?
i beg your pardon , general solo , but that just would n't be proper
proper ?
it 's against my programming to impersonate a deity
why , you --
my mistake
he 's an old friend of mine
hey
i have a really bad feeling about this
what did he say ?
i 'm rather embarrassed , general solo ... but it appears you are to be the main course at a banquet in my honour
your royal highness
these are my friends
3po , tell them they must be set free
somehow i got the feeling that did n't help us very much
3po , tell them if they do n't do as you wish ... you 'll become angry and use your magic
but , master luke , what magic ?
i could n't possibly --
just tell them
you see , master luke ?
they did n't believe me ... just as i said they would n't
wait
what 's happening ?
put me down !
help !
somebody !
somebody help !
master luke !
thank goodness
thanks , 3po
i never knew i had it in me
... tatooine ...
princess leia ... r2
... darth vader !
... death star
... jedi ...
obi-wan kenobi
yes , r2 , i was just coming to that
master luke millennium falcon ... cloud city
... vader !
han solo carbon
... sarlacc
what 's going on ?
i do n't know
wonderful . we are now a part of the tribe
just what i always wanted
short help 's better than no help at all , chewie
he says the scouts will show us the quickest way to the shield generator . good
how far is it ?
ask him
we need some fresh supplies too
try and get our weapons back
hurry up . i have n't got all day
luke , what 's wrong ?
leia , do you remember your mother -- your real mother ?
just a little bit . she died when i was very young
what do you remember ?
just images really . feelings
tell me
she was ... very beautiful
kind ... but sad
why are you asking me this ?
i have no memory of my mother
i never knew her
luke , tell me . what 's troubling you ?
vader is here . now . on this moon
how do you know ?
i felt his presence
he 's come for me . he can feel when i 'm near
that 's why i have to go
as long as i stay , i 'm endangering the group and our mission here
i have to face him . -- why ?
he 's my father
your father ?
there 's more . it wo n't be easy for you to hear it , but you must
if i do n't make it back , you 're the only hope for the alliance
do n't talk that way
you have a power i do n't understand and could never have
you 're wrong , leia
you have that power too
in time , you 'll learn to use it as i have
the force is strong in my family
my father has it
i have it
and ... my sister has it
yes . it 's you , leia
i know
somehow ...
i 've always known
then you know why i have to face him
luke , run away . far away
if he can feel your presence , then leave this place
i wish i could go with you . -- no , you do n't
you 've always been strong
but why must you confront him ?
because there is good in him . i 've felt it
he wo n't turn me over to the emperor
i can save him . i can turn him back to the good side
i have to try
hey , what 's going on ?
nothing . i just wanna be alone for a little while
nothing ?
tell me . what 's going on ?
i ca n't tell you
could you tell luke ?
is that who you could tell ?
i 'm sorry
hold me
this is the rebel that surrendered
although he denies it , i believe there may be more of them ... and i request permission to conduct a further search of the area
he was armed only with this
good work , commander
leave us
conduct your search and bring his companions to me
yes , my lord
the emperor has been expecting you
i know , father
so , you have accepted the truth
i 've accepted the truth that you were once anakin skywalker , my father
that name no longer has any meaning for me
it is the name of your true self . you 've only forgotten
i know there is good in you
the emperor has n't driven it from you fully
that was why you could n't destroy me
that 's why you wo n't bring me to your emperor now
i see you have constructed a new lightsaber
your skills are complete
indeed you are powerful , as the emperor has foreseen
come with me
obi-wan once thought as you do
you do n't know the power of the dark side
i must obey my master
i will not turn , and you 'll be forced to kill me
if that is your destiny
search your feelings , father
you ca n't do this . i feel the conflict within you
it is too late for me , son
the emperor will show you the true nature of the force
he is your master now
then my father is truly dead
the main entrance to the control bunker ... is on the far side of that landing platform
this is n't gonna be easy
do n't worry
chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily guarded than this
what 's he saying ?
he says there 's a secret entrance on the other side of the ridge
admiral , we 're in position . all fighters accounted for
proceed with the countdown
all groups assume attack coordinates
do n't worry . my friend 's down there
he 'll have that shield down on time
or this 'll be the shortest offensive of all time
all craft , prepare to jump into hyperspace on my mark
all right . stand by
back door , huh ?
good idea
it 's only a few guards . this should n't be too much trouble
it only takes one to sound the alarm
then we 'll do it real quiet like . -- oh , my
princess leia
quiet
i 'm afraid our furry companion ... has gone and done something rather rash
there goes our surprise attack
look , over there !
stop him !
not bad for a little furball . there 's only one left
you stay here . we 'll take care of this
i have decided that we shall stay here
hey !
welcome , young skywalker
i have been expecting you
you 'll no longer need those
guards , leave us
i 'm looking forward to completing your training
in time , you will call me master
you 're gravely mistaken
you wo n't convert me as you did my father
oh , no , my young jedi
you will find that it is you who are mistaken ... about a great many things
his lightsaber
ah , yes . a jedi 's weapon
much like your father 's
by now you must know your father can never be turned from the dark side
so will it be with you
you 're wrong
soon i 'll be dead -- and you with me
perhaps you refer to the imminent attack of your rebel fleet
yes
i assure you we are quite safe from your friends here
your overconfidence is your weakness
your faith in your friends is yours
it is pointless to resist , my son
everything that has transpired has done so according to my design
your friends up there on the sanctuary moon ... are walking into a trap , as is your rebel fleet
it was i who allowed the alliance ... to know the location of the shield generator
it is quite safe from your pitiful little band
an entire legion of my best troops awaits them
i 'm afraid the deflector shield ... will be quite operational when your friends arrive
all right !
up !
move !
quickly . quickly
han , hurry
the fleet will be here any moment
charges . come on . come on !
oh , my . they 'll be captured
wait !
come back !
r2 , stay with me
freeze !
you rebel scum
all wings report in
red leader standing by
grey leader standing by
green leader standing by
lock s-foils in attack positions
may the force be with us
we 've gotta be able to get a reading on that shield -- up or down
how could they be jamming us if they do n't know -- if we 're coming
break off the attack . the shield is still up
i get no reading . you sure ?
pull up !
all craft pull up !
take evasive action . green group , stick close to holding sector mv-7
admiral , we have enemy ships in sector 47
it 's a trap
fighters coming in
there 's too many
accelerate to attack speed . draw their fire away from the cruisers
copy , gold leader
come , boy
see for yourself
from here , you will witness the final destruction of the alliance ... and the end of your insignificant rebellion
you want this ... do n't you ?
the hate is swelling in you now
take your jedi weapon
use it
i am unarmed . strike me down with it
give in to your anger
with each passing moment you make yourself more my servant
it is unavoidable
it is your destiny
you , like your father ... are now ... mine
all right , move it
hello . i say , over there
were you looking for me ?
bring those two down here
they 're on their way . r2 , are you sure this was a good idea ?
freeze
do n't move
we surrender
the code 's changed
we need r2
here 's the terminal
r2 , where are you ?
we need you at the bunker right away
going ?
what do you mean ?
going where , r2 ?
wait . r2 , this is no time for heroics
come back !
watch yourself , wedge
three from above . -- red three , red two , pull in
got it
three of them coming in , 20 degrees
cut left . i 'll take the leader
they 're heading for the medical frigate
pressure 's steady
only the fighters are attacking . what are the stardestroyers waiting for ?
we 're in attack position , sir
hold here
we 're not going to attack ?
i have my orders are from the emperor himself . he has something special planned
we only need to keep them from escaping
as you can see , my young apprentice ... your friends have failed
now witness the firepower ... of this fully armed and operational battle station
fire at will , commander
fire
that blast came from the death star
that thing 's operational
home 1 , this is gold leader
we saw it . all craft prepare to retreat
you wo n't get another chance at this , admiral
we have no choice , general calrissian
our cruisers ca n't repel firepower of that magnitude
han will have that shield down . we 've gotta give him more time
we 're coming
come on
r2 , hurry !
my goodness !
why did you have to be so brave ?
well , i suppose i could hot wire this thing
i 'll cover you
yes , i said closer
move as close as you can ... and engage those stardestroyers at point blank range
at that close range , we wo n't last long against those stardestroyers
we 'll last longer than we will against that death star ... and we might take a few of them with us
she 's gonna blow !
i 'm hit !
your fleet is lost ... and your friends on the endor moon will not survive
there is no escape ... my young apprentice
the alliance will die ... as will your friends
good
i can feel your anger
i am defenceless . take your weapon
strike me down with all of your hatred ... and your journey towards the dark side will be complete
look !
get him off of there
i think i got it
i got it !
are you all right ?
let 's see
it 's not bad
freeze !
oh , dear
do n't move
i love you
i know
hands up
stand up
stay back
get down here . she 's wounded
no , wait
i got an idea
good
use your aggressive feelings , boy
let the hate flow through you
obi-wan has taught you well
i will not fight you , father
you are unwise to lower your defences
your thoughts betray you , father
i feel the good in you , the conflict
there is no conflict
you could n't bring yourself to kill me before ... and i do n't believe you 'll destroy me now
you underestimate the power of the dark side
if you will not fight ... then you will meet your destiny
good
good
watch out . squad at .06
i 'm on it , gold leader
good shot , red two
we 're sure in the middle of it now . come on , han , old buddy
do n't let me down
it 's over , commander
the rebels have been routed . they 're fleeing
we need reinforcements to continue the pursuit
send three squads to help
open the back door
sir
throw me another charge
you cannot hide forever , luke
i will not fight you
give yourself to the dark side
it is the only way you can save your friends
yes
your thoughts betray you
your feelings for them are strong ... especially for ... sister
so you have a twin sister
your feelings have now betrayed her too
obi-wan was wise to hide her from me
now his failure is complete
if you will not turn to the dark side ... then perhaps she will
never !
good !
your hate has made you powerful
now , fulfil your destiny ... and take your father 's place at my side
never
i 'll never turn to the dark side
you 've failed , your highness
i am a jedi ... like my father before me
so be it , jedi
move !
the shield is down . commence attack on the death star 's main reactor
we 're on our way . red group , gold group , all fighters follow me
i told you they 'd do it
if you will not be turned ... you will be destroyed
young fool
only now , at the end ... do you understand
your feeble skills are no match for the power of the dark side
you have paid the price for your lack of vision
father , please !
now , young skywalker ... you will die
i 'm going in
here goes nothing
lock onto the strongest power source . it should be the power generator
form up . stay alert . we could run out of space real fast
split up and head back to the surface
see if you can get a few of those tie fighters to follow you
copy , gold leader
that was too close
we 've got to give those fighters more time
concentrate all fire on that super stardestroyer
sir , we 've lost our bridge deflector shields
intensify the forward batteries . i do n't want anything to get through
intensify forward firepower !
help me take this mask off
but you 'll die
nothing can stop that now
just for once ... let me ...
look on you with my own eyes
now go , my son
leave me
no . you 're coming with me
i 'll not leave you here
you already have , luke
you were right
you were right about me
tell your sister ... you were right
father
i wo n't leave you
there it is
wedge , go for the power regulator on the north tower
copy , gold leader . i 'm already on my way out
move the fleet away from the death star
they did it !
i 'm sure luke was n't on that thing when it blew
he was n't
i can feel it
you love him
do n't you ?
yes
all right . i understand
fine
when he comes back ...
i wo n't get in the way
it 's not like that at all
he 's my brother
separatist
general grievous
count dooku
plagueis
this will begin to make things right .
i 've traveled too far and seen too much
to ignore the despair in the galaxy .
without the jedi , there can be no balance in the force .
well , because of you , now we have a chance .
the general 's been after this for a long time .
oh , the general ?
to me , she is royalty .
well , she certainly is that .
we got company .
you have to hide .
you have to leave .
go .
get out ! go ! go ! go !
come on , bb-8 , hurry !
blast that x-wing !
over there ! over there !
i see them .
you take this .
it 's safer with you than it is with me .
you get as far away from here as you can .
do you hear me ?
i 'll come back for you .
it will be all right .
keep moving !
stay here .
look how old you 've become .
something far worse has happened to you .
you know what i 've come for .
i know where you come from .
before you called yourself kylo ren .
the map to skywalker .
we know you found it .
and now you 're going to give it to the first order .
the first order rose from the dark side .
you did not .
i 'll show you the dark side .
you may try .
but you cannot deny the truth that is your family .
you 're so right .
so , who talks first ? you talk first ? i talk first ?
the old man gave it to you .
it 's just very hard to understand you with all the ...
- search him . - ... apparatus .
- nothing , sir . - put him on board .
sir , the villagers ?
kill them all .
on my command .
fire .
please , no !
nothing here . go ahead !
all right .
all right !
submit your blaster for inspection .
yes , captain .
and who gave you permission to remove that helmet ?
i 'm sorry , captain .
report to my division at once .
what you brought me today is worth ...
hmm ...
one quarter portion .
oh , thank you .
shh .
that 's just teedo . wants you for parts .
he has no respect for anyone .
your antenna 's bent .
where do you come from ?
i am not suppose to tell , it 's classified .
classified , really ?
me too . big secret .
niima outpost is that way . stay off kelvin ridge .
keep away from the sinking fields in the north .
you 'll drown in the sand .
you are so very kind . i would like to come with you .
do n't follow me . town is that way .
oh . then , can i stay with you ?
no !
i am scared .
in the morning , you go .
thank you , again .
you 're welcome .
i had no idea we had the best pilot
in the resistance on board .
comfortable ?
not really .
i 'm impressed .
no one has been able to get out of you what you did with the map .
you might want to rethink your technique .
where is it ?
the resistance ... will not be intimidated by you .
where ... is it ?
it 's in a droid . a bb unit .
well , then , if it 's on jakku , we 'll soon have it .
i leave that to you .
do n't give up hope . he still might show up .
whoever it is you 're waiting for .
classified .
i know all about waiting .
for my family .
they 'll be back . one day .
come on .
these five pieces are worth ...
let me see here ... hmm ...
one half portion .
last week they were a half portion each .
what about the droid ?
what about him ?
i 'll pay for him .
sixty portions .
actually ...
the droid 's not for sale .
come on .
follow the girl and get that droid .
ren wants the prisoner .
turn here .
listen carefully .
if you do exactly as i say , i can get you out of here .
what ?
this is a rescue . i 'm helping you escape .
can you fly a tie fighter ?
you 're with the resistance ?
what ? no , no , no . i 'm breaking you out .
- can you fly a tie fighter ?
- i can fly anything .
why ? why are you helping me ?
because it 's the right thing to do .
you need a pilot .
i need a pilot .
we 're gonna do this .
yeah ?
okay . stay calm . stay calm .
- i am calm . - i 'm talking to myself .
not yet .
okay , go . this way .
i 've always wanted to fly one of these things .
- can you shoot ? - blasters , i can .
okay , same principle .
use the toggle on the left to switch between missiles , cannons and mag pulse .
use the sight on the right to aim .
- triggers to fire . - this is very complicated .
i can fix this .
we have an unsanctioned departure from bay two .
alert general hux . and stop that fighter .
- fourteen failed . eighteen ... - i got it .
this thing really moves .
we gotta take out as many of these cannons as we can ...
or we 're not gonna get very far .
- all right . - i 'm gonna get us in position .
just stay sharp .
up ahead ! up ahead ! you see it ?
i got us dead center .
- it 's a clean shot . - okay , got it .
- yeah ! - yes !
did you see that ?
- did you see that ? - i saw it !
hey , what 's your name ?
f ... what ?
that 's the only name they ever gave me .
well , i ai n't using it . f-n , huh ?
finn . i 'm gonna call you finn .
- is that all right ? - finn .
yeah . finn , i like that .
- i like that . - i 'm poe . poe dameron .
- good to meet you , poe . - good to meet you too , finn .
sir , they 've taken out our turbolasers .
use the ventral cannons .
yes , sir . bringing them online .
general hux , is it the resistance pilot ?
yes , and he had help from one of our own .
we 're checking the registers now to identify which stormtrooper it was .
the one from the village . fn-2187 .
sir , ventral cannons hot .
fire .
one 's coming toward you ! my right . your left .
- do you see it ? - hold on .
i see him !
nice shot !
where are we going ?
we 're going back to jakku . that 's where .
no . we ca n't go back to jakku .
we need to get out of this system .
i gotta get my droid before the first order does .
- what , a droid ? - that 's right .
he 's a bb unit , orange and white . one of a kind .
i do n't care what color he is !
no droid can be that important .
this one is , pal !
we gotta get as far away from the first order as we can .
we go back to jakku , we die .
that droid has a map that leads
straight to luke skywalker .
oh , you gotta be kidding me !
fn-2187 reported to my division ...
was evaluated , and sent to reconditioning .
no prior signs of nonconformity ?
this was his first offense .
general !
- they 've been hit . - destroyed ?
disabled .
they were headed back to jakku .
the fighter is projected to crash in the goazon badlands .
they were going back for the droid .
send a squad to the wreckage .
poe !
poe !
poe !
poe ! i got you .
poe !
poe !
supreme leader snoke was explicit .
capture the droid if we can , but destroy it if we must .
how capable are your soldiers , general ?
i wo n't have you question my methods .
they 're obviously skilled at committing high treason .
perhaps leader snoke should consider using a clone army .
my men are exceptionally trained .
programmed from birth .
then they should have no problem retrieving the droid .
unharmed .
careful , ren , that your personal interests ...
not interfere with orders from leader snoke .
i want that map .
for your sake ...
i suggest you get it .
water . water .
no water .
water .
is there water ?
girl , your droid . i want it .
what ? oi , get off him !
hey !
who are those people .
they work for unkar .
that guy that wanted you .
he must have really wanted you .
mistress ! that man !
who ?
that man over there .
him ?
yes .
he is wearing my master 's jacket .
- what 's your hurry , thief ? - what ? thief ?
ow !
- hey , what ? - the jacket .
this droid says you stole it .
i 've had a pretty messed up day , all right ?
so i 'd appreciate it if you stop accusing me of ...
- ow ! stop it ! - where 'd you get it ?
it belongs to his master .
it belonged to poe dameron . that was his name , right ?
he was captured by the first order .
i helped him escape , but our ship crashed .
poe did n't make it .
i tried to help him . i 'm sorry .
so you 're with the resistance ?
obviously .
yes , i am .
i 'm with the resistance , yeah .
i am with the resistance .
i 've never met a resistance fighter before .
well , this is what we look like .
some of us . others look different .
bb-8 says he 's on a secret mission .
he has to get back to your base .
apparently , he has a map that leads to luke skywalker
and everyone 's after it .
luke skywalker ?
i thought he was a myth .
what ?
- what are you doing ? - come on .
come on , bb-8 !
- let go of me ! - come on , we gotta move !
i know how to run without you holding my hand !
bb-8 , stay close !
this way .
call in the air strike .
come on !
they 're shooting at both of us .
yeah . they saw you with me . you 're marked .
- well , thanks for that . - hey !
i 'm not the one who chased you down with a stick .
does anyone have blasters around here ?
are you okay ?
stop taking my hand !
hey .
are you okay ?
yeah .
follow me .
- we ca n't outrun them ! - we might in that quadjumper !
hey , we need a pilot !
we 've got one .
you ?
uh , what about that ship ?
that one 's garbage !
the garbage will do .
gunner position is down there !
you ever fly this thing ?
no ! this ship has n't flown in years .
great .
whoa .
i can do this . i can do this .
i can do this . i can do this .
hey !
that 's mine !
wait , stay low ! hey , stay low !
- what ? - stay low !
it confuses their tracking .
bb-8 , hold on !
i 'm going low !
what are you doing back there ?
are you ever gonna fire back ?
i 'm working on it ! are the shields up ?
not so easy without a co-pilot !
try sitting in this thing .
we need cover , quick !
we 're about to get some !
i hope .
whoa .
damn it !
come on , come on !
- nice shot ! - i 'm getting pretty good at this .
let 's get down !
uh , the cannon 's stuck in forward position .
i ca n't move it . you gotta lose him !
- get ready ! - okay . for what ?
are we really doing this ?
oh , no .
whoo !
- nice shooting . - now that was some flying .
- thanks . - how did you do that ?
- i do n't know . - no one trained you ?
i 've flown some ships , but i 've never left the planet .
- your last shot was dead-on . - that was amazing .
- you got him with one blast ! - you set me up for it .
- it was perfect . - that was pretty good .
you 're okay . he 's with the resistance .
he 's gonna get you home .
we both will .
i do n't know your name .
finn . what 's yours ?
i 'm rey .
rey ...
help me with this . quick !
whoa , what 's going on ?
sir ... we were unable to acquire the droid on jakku .
it escaped capture aboard a stolen corellian yt model freighter .
the droid ...
stole a freighter ?
not exactly , sir .
it had help .
we have no confirmation
but we believe fn-2187 may have helped in the escape .
anything else ?
the two were accompanied by a girl .
what girl ?
it 's the motivator .
grab me a harris wrench , check in there .
how bad is it ?
if we wanna live , not good .
they 're hunting for us now .
we 've gotta get out of this system !
bb-8 said the location of the resistance base is " need to know " .
if i 'm taking you there , i need to know !
this ?
you gotta tell us where your base is .
what ? no .
i do n't speak that .
all right , between us ...
i 'm not with the resistance , okay ?
i 'm just trying to get away from the first order .
but you tell us where the base is ...
i 'll get you there first . deal ?
- droid , please ! - pilex driver , hurry .
- so , where 's your base ? - go on , bb-8 , tell her .
huh ? eh .
huh ? eh .
huh ?
please .
- the ileenium system ? - yeah , the ileenium system .
that 's the one . get us there as fast as you can .
i 'll drop you two at ponemah terminal .
i need the bonding tape , hurry !
what about you ?
i gotta get back to jakku .
back to jak ...
why does everyone wanna go back to jakku ?
- it 's not that one . no . no . - that place is ...
the one i 'm pointing to . no .
no . no !
if we do n't patch it up ...
the propulsion tank will overflow and flood the ship with poisonous gas !
- this ? - yes .
hey , rey , you 're a pilot .
you can fly anywhere . why go back ?
you got a family ?
you got a boyfriend ? a cute boyfriend ?
none of your business , that 's why .
- that ca n't be good . - no , it ca n't be .
someone 's locked on to us .
all controls are overridden .
get off ! get off !
see anything ?
oh , no .
it 's the first order .
what do we do ? there must be something .
- you said poisonous gas . - i fixed that .
can you unfix it ?
come on , bb-8 .
i got him .
i 'm okay .
bb-8 , get off me !
do you think this will work on the stormtroopers ?
yeah . their masks filter out smoke , not toxins .
- hurry . - i 'm hurrying .
chewie ...
we 're home .
where are the others ?
- where 's the pilot ? - i 'm the pilot .
you ?
no , it 's true . we 're the only ones on board .
you can understand that thing ?
and " that thing " can understand you , too , so watch it .
come on out of there .
- where 'd you get this ship ? - niima outpost .
jakku ? that junkyard ?
thank you ! junkyard .
told you we should have double-checked the western reaches .
who had it ? ducain ?
i stole it . from unkar plutt .
he stole it from the irving boys , who stole it from ducain .
who stole it from me !
well , you tell him that han solo ...
just stole back the millennium falcon for good .
this is the millennium falcon ? you 're han solo ?
i used to be .
han solo , the rebellion general ?
no , the smuggler .
was n't he a war hero ?
this is the ship that made the kessel run in 14 parsecs ?
twelve !
fourteen .
hey !
some moof-milker put a compressor on the ignition line .
unkar plutt did .
i thought it was a mistake , too . puts too much ...
... stress on the hyperdrive .
chewie , throw them in a pod .
we 'll drop them at the nearest inhabited planet .
wait , no .
- we need your help . - my help ?
this droid has to get to the resistance base as soon as possible .
he 's carrying a map to luke skywalker .
you are the han solo that fought with the rebellion .
you knew him .
yeah . i knew him .
i knew luke .
do n't tell me a rathtar 's gotten loose .
wait , what ?
did you just say rathtars ?
hey !
you 're not hauling rathtars on this freighter , are you ?
i 'm hauling rathtars .
oh , great . it 's the guavian death gang .
must have tracked us from nantoon .
what 's a rathtar ?
they 're big and they 're dangerous .
you ever heard of the trillia massacre ?
- no . - good .
i got three of them going to king prana .
three ? how 'd you get them on board ?
i used to have a bigger crew .
get below and stay there until i say so ...
and do n't even think about taking the falcon .
what about bb-8 ?
he stays with me until i get rid of the gang ...
then you can have him back and be on your way .
what about the rathtars ? where are you keeping them ?
- there 's one . - what are you gonna do ?
same thing i always do . talk my way out of it .
do you ?
yes , i do . every time .
han solo .
you 're a dead man .
bala-tik . what 's the problem ?
the problem is we loaned you 50 , 000 for this job .
- can you see them ? - no .
i heard you also borrowed 50 , 000 from kanjiklub .
you know you ca n't trust those little freaks .
how long we known each other ?
they have blasters .
a lot of them .
not long . we want our money back now .
you think hunting rathtars is cheap ?
i spent that money .
kanjiklub wants their investment back , too .
i never made a deal with kanjiklub !
tell that to kanjiklub .
tasu leech .
good to see you .
boys , you 're both gonna get what i promised .
have i ever not delivered ...
- for you before ? - yeah .
- what was the second time ? - your game is old .
there 's no one in the galaxy left for you to swindle .
that bb unit .
the first order is looking for one just like it .
and two fugitives .
first i 've heard of it .
wait , wait , wait .
if we close the blast doors in that corridor
we can trap both gangs !
we 'll close the blast doors from here ?
resetting the fuses should do it .
i got a bad feeling about this .
- oh , no . - " oh , no , " what ?
wrong fuses .
kill them !
- whoa ... - and take the droid !
- this was a mistake ! - huge !
what do they look like ?
they look like that .
- this way . - are you sure ?
no , no , no !
finn !
finn !
rey !
get off ! get off !
- rey ! - finn !
finn !
get off me !
rey !
get off ! get off !
finn !
- it had me ! but the door ... - that was lucky .
i got the door . cover us !
chewie !
you okay ?
yeah .
wow .
come on ! come on !
han .
you , close the door behind us . you , take care of chewie !
awww !
hey , where are you going ?
unkar plutt installed a fuel pump , too .
if we do n't prime that , we 're not going anywhere .
i hate that guy .
- and you could use a co-pilot . - i got one , he 's back there .
watch the thrust . we 're going out of here at lightspeed .
from inside the hangar ? is that even possible ?
i never ask that question till after i 've done it .
this is not how i thought this day was gonna go .
angle the shield . hang on back there .
no problem !
come on , baby , do n't let me down .
- what ? - compressor .
inform the first order that han solo has the droid they want .
and it 's aboard the millennium falcon .
the droid will soon be delivered to the resistance ...
leading them to the last jedi .
if skywalker returns ...
the new jedi will rise .
supreme leader , i take full responsibility ...
general !
our strategy must now change .
the weapon . it is ready .
i believe the time has come to use it .
we shall destroy the government that supports the resistance ...
the republic .
without their friends to protect them the resistance will be vulnerable .
and we will stop them before they reach skywalker .
go .
oversee preparations .
yes , supreme leader .
there has been an awakening .
have you felt it ?
yes .
there 's something more .
the droid we seek is aboard the millennium falcon .
in the hands of your father ...
han solo .
he means nothing to me .
even you , master of the knights of ren ...
have never faced such a test .
by the grace of your training , i will not be seduced .
we shall see .
we shall see .
- electrical overload . - i can fix that .
coolant 's leaking .
- try transferring auxiliary power ... - ... to the secondary tank .
i got it .
chewie , come on !
i need help with this giant hairy thing !
stop moving !
awww !
chewie !
you hurt chewie , you 're gonna deal with me !
hurt him ? he almost killed me six times !
which is fine !
this hyperdrive blows ,
there are gonna be pieces of us in three different systems .
what 'd you do ?
i bypassed the compressor .
huh .
move , ball .
ah , do n't say that . you did great . just rest .
good job , kid .
thanks .
you 're welcome .
so ... fugitives , huh ?
the first order wants the map .
finn is with the resistance .
i 'm just a scavenger .
let 's see what you got .
go ahead .
this map 's not complete . it 's just a piece .
ever since luke disappeared people have been looking for him .
why did he leave ?
he was training a new generation of jedi .
one boy , an apprentice , turned against him , destroyed it all .
luke felt responsible .
he just walked away from everything .
do you know what happened to him ?
a lot of rumors . stories .
people that knew him best ...
think he went looking for the first jedi temple .
the jedi were real ?
i used to wonder about that myself .
thought it was a bunch of mumbo-jumbo .
a magical power holding together good and evil ...
the dark side and the light .
crazy thing is ...
it 's true .
the force . the jedi .
all of it .
it 's all true .
no , you rest .
you want my help ? you 're getting it .
gonna see an old friend . she 'll get your droid home .
this is our stop .
i did n't know there was this much green in the whole galaxy .
hey , solo , i 'm not sure what we 're walking into here ...
did you just call me solo ?
sorry . han . mr . solo .
you should know ...
i 'm a big deal in the resistance .
which puts a real target on my back .
are there any conspirators here ?
like , first order sympathizers ?
listen , big deal .
you got another problem .
women always figure out the truth .
always .
you might need this .
i think i can handle myself .
i know you do . that 's why i 'm giving it to you .
take it .
you know how to use one of those ?
yeah . you pull the trigger .
little bit more to it than that .
you got a lot to learn .
you got a name ?
rey .
rey .
i been thinking about bringing on some more crew , rey .
a second mate . someone to help out .
someone who can keep up with chewie and me appreciates the falcon .
are you offering me a job ?
i would n't be nice to you . does n't pay much .
you 're offering me a job .
i 'm thinking about it .
well ?
if you were , i 'd be flattered . but i have to get home .
where , jakku ?
i 've already been away too long .
chewie , check out the ship as best you can .
that 's too bad . chewie kind of likes you .
- solo , why are we here again ?
- to get your droid on a clean ship .
clean ?
you think it was luck that chewie and i found the falcon ?
if we can find it on our scanners
the first order 's not far behind .
wanna get bb-8 to the resistance ?
maz kanata 's our best bet .
we can trust her , right ?
relax , kid .
she 's run this watering hole for a thousand years .
maz is a bit of an acquired taste , so let me do the talking .
and whatever you do , do n't stare .
at what ?
any of it .
han solo !
oh , boy .
hey , maz .
where 's my boyfriend ?
chewie 's working on the falcon .
i like that wookiee .
i assume you need something .
desperately .
let 's get to it .
i 'll be back .
forgive me .
i feel it again .
the pull to the light .
supreme leader senses it .
show me again .
the power of the darkness .
and i will let nothing stand in our way .
show me ...
grandfather ...
and i will finish ...
what you started .
a map .
to skywalker himself ?
you are right back in the mess .
maz , i need you to get this droid to leia .
hmm ...
no .
you 've been running away from this fight for too long .
han .
go home .
leia does n't wanna see me .
please , we came here for your help .
what fight ?
the only fight .
against the dark side .
through the ages i 've seen evil take many forms .
the sith . the empire .
today , it is the first order .
their shadow is spreading across the galaxy .
we must face them .
fight them .
all of us .
there is no fight against the first order .
not one we can win .
look around .
there 's no chance we have n't been recognized already .
i bet you the first order is on their way right ...
what 's this ?
what are you doing ?
solo , what is she doing ?
i do n't know . but it ai n't good .
if you live long enough ...
you see the same eyes in different people .
i 'm looking at the eyes of a man who wants to run .
you do n't know a thing about me .
where i 'm from . what i 've seen .
you do n't know the first order like i do .
they 'll slaughter us .
we all need to run .
you see those two ?
they 'll trade work for transportation to the outer rim .
there , you can disappear .
finn ?
come with me .
what about bb-8 ? we 're not done yet .
we have to get him back to your base .
you think ? he ca n't .
i ca n't .
keep it , kid .
who 's the girl ?
- what ? what is it ? - let him speak first .
i was told you can get me to the outer rim .
what are you doing ?
do n't leave without me .
you ca n't just go . i wo n't let you .
i 'm not who you think i am .
finn , what are you talking about ?
i 'm not resistance .
i 'm not a hero .
i 'm a stormtrooper .
like all of them , i was taken from a family i 'll never know .
and raised to do one thing .
but my first battle , i made a choice .
i was n't gonna kill for them .
so i ran . right into you .
and you looked at me like no one ever had .
i was ashamed of what i was .
but i 'm done with the first order .
i 'm never going back .
rey , come with me .
do n't go .
take care of yourself .
please .
no !
no !
no ! come back !
no !
come back !
come back !
no !
no !
its energy ...
- ... surrounds us ... - no !
... and binds us ...
the force will be ...
no !
come back !
quiet , girl .
no !
rey ?
these are your first steps .
what was that ?
i should n't have gone in there .
that lightsaber was luke 's .
and his father 's before him .
and now , it calls to you .
i have to get back to jakku .
han told me .
dear child .
i see your eyes .
you already know the truth .
whomever you 're waiting for on jakku ...
they 're never coming back .
but ... there 's someone who still could .
luke .
the belonging you seek is not behind you ...
it is ahead .
i am no jedi , but i know the force .
it moves through and surrounds every living thing .
close your eyes .
feel it .
the light ...
it 's always been there .
it will guide you .
the saber . take it .
i 'm never touching that thing again .
i do n't want any part of this .
hmm .
today is the end of the republic .
the end of a regime that acquiesces to disorder .
at this very moment , in a system far from here ...
the new republic lies to the galaxy ...
while secretly supporting the treachery ...
of the loathsome resistance .
this fierce machine which you have built ...
upon which we stand ...
will bring an end to the senate !
to their cherished fleet !
all remaining systems will bow to the first order !
and will remember this ...
as the last day of the republic !
confirm transfer to manual control .
configure !
fire !
* hosnian system
new republic
no . what is it ?
it was the republic .
the first order , they 've done it .
where 's rey ?
mistress , are you alright ?
what are you doing ?
i see you running , are you alright ?
you have to go back .
where are you going ?
i 'm leaving .
no , you ca n't .
you have to go back , you 're too important .
they 'll help you .
i 've had this for ages .
kept it locked away .
where 'd you get that ?
a good question . for another time .
take it .
find your friend !
those beasts .
they 're here .
fn-417 , hold position .
oh , safety .
wow !
sir .
the droid was spotted heading west .
with a girl .
you have to keep going . stay out of sight .
i 'll try to fight them off .
i hope so , too .
come on , chewie !
rey and bb-8 ! they need you !
now ! go !
i need a weapon !
you have one !
hey , can i try that ?
i like this thing .
traitor !
- you okay , big deal ? - thanks .
do n't move .
tk-338 , we have targets in custody .
we have incoming at 28 . 6 .
move ! move ! move !
scramble all squads , repeat , scramble all squads !
head to higher cover and wait for our position !
it 's the resistance .
go straight at them ! do n't let these dogs scare you !
- copy that . - we 're with you , poe .
quick !
whoo ! yeah !
that 's one hell of a pilot !
whoo-hoo !
the girl i 've heard so much about .
the droid .
where is it ?
request air support .
the map .
you 've seen it .
sir , resistance fighters .
we need more troops .
pull the division out .
forget the droid . we have what we need .
pull back to tree line !
no !
no , no !
no ! no !
rey !
he took her . did you see that ?
he took her . she 's gone .
yeah , i know .
let 's go .
goodness ! han solo !
it is i , c-3po .
you probably do n't recognize me because of the red arm .
look who it is , did you see who ...
uh ...
hmm .
excuse me , prin ... general . sorry .
come along , bb-8 , quickly .
yes , i must get my proper arm reinstalled .
you changed your hair .
same jacket .
no , new jacket .
i saw him .
leia , i saw our son .
he was here .
hey !
poe !
bb-8 , my buddy .
oh , it 's so good to see you .
finn saved you ?
where is he ?
poe ?
oh , no .
poe dameron , you 're alive ?
- buddy ! so are you ! - what happened to you ?
i got thrown from the crash .
i woke up at night . no you .
no ship . nothing .
bb-8 says that you saved him .
no , no , no . it was n't just me .
you completed my mission , finn ...
that 's my jacket .
- oh ... - no , no , no .
keep it . it suits you .
you 're a good man , finn .
poe , i need your help .
pz-4co , report to communications .
general organa ...
i 'm sorry to interrupt . this is finn .
- he needs to talk to you . - and i need to talk to him .
that was incredibly brave what you did .
renouncing the first order , saving this man 's life .
thank you , ma'am . but a friend of mine was taken prisoner .
han told me about the girl .
i 'm sorry .
finn 's familiar with the weapon that destroyed the hosnian system .
he worked on the base .
we 're desperate for anything you can tell us .
that 's where my friend was taken .
i 've got to get there fast .
and i will do everything i can to help but first you need to tell us all you know .
that sounds very scary .
you must be so brave .
general ...
i regret to inform you , but this map recovered from bb-8 ...
is only partially complete .
and even worse , it matches no charted system on record .
we simply do not have enough information to locate master luke .
ca n't believe i was so foolish to think i could find luke and bring him home .
leia .
do n't do that .
do what ?
anything .
princesses .
i 'm trying to be helpful .
when did that ever help ?
and do n't say the death star .
r2 , i need your help .
wake up , r2 .
you 're wasting your time .
he might have the map .
it is very doubtful that r2 would have the rest of the map in his backup data .
i am afraid not .
r2-d2 has been in low-power mode ever since master luke went away .
sadly , he may never be his old self again .
poor r2 .
listen to me , will you ?
i know every time you ...
every time you look at me you 're reminded of him .
you think i want to forget him ?
i want him back .
there 's nothing more we could have done .
there 's too much vader in him .
that 's why i wanted him to train with luke .
i just never should have sent him away .
that 's when i lost him .
that 's when i lost you both .
we both had to deal with it in our own way .
i went back to the only thing i was ever any good at .
we both did .
we lost our son .
forever .
no .
it was snoke .
he seduced our son to the dark side .
but we can still save him .
me .
you .
if luke could n't reach him , how could i ?
luke is a jedi .
you 're his father .
there is still light in him , i know it .
general ...
the reconnaissance report on the enemy base is coming .
where am i ?
you 're my guest .
where are the others ?
do you mean the murderers ...
traitors , and thieves you call friends ?
you 'll be relieved to hear i have no idea .
you still want to kill me .
that happens when you 're being hunted by a creature in a mask .
tell me about the droid .
he 's a bb unit with a selenium drive and a thermal hyperscan vindicator .
it 's carrying a section of a navigational chart .
and we have the rest .
recovered from the archives of the empire but we need the last piece .
and somehow you convinced the droid to show it to you .
you .
a scavenger .
you know i can take whatever i want .
you 're so lonely .
so afraid to leave .
at night , desperate to sleep .
you imagine an ocean .
i see it .
i see the island .
and han solo .
you feel like he 's the father you never had .
he would have disappointed you .
get out of my head .
i know you 've seen the map .
it 's in there .
and now you 'll give it to me .
do n't be afraid . i feel it , too .
i 'm not giving you anything .
we 'll see .
you .
you 're afraid .
that you will never be as strong as darth vader .
the scavenger ... resisted you ?
she is strong with the force .
untrained , but stronger than she knows .
and the droid ?
ren believed it was no longer valuable to us .
that the girl was all we needed .
as a result , the droid has most likely been returned ...
to the hands of the enemy .
they may have the map already .
then the resistance must be destroyed before they get to skywalker .
we have their location .
we tracked their reconnaissance ship to the ileenium system .
good .
then we will crush them once and for all .
prepare the weapon .
supreme leader , i can get the map from the girl .
i just need your guidance .
if what you say about this girl is true ...
bring her to me .
you will remove these restraints ...
and leave this cell with the door open .
what did you say ?
you will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open .
i 'll tighten those restraints , scavenger scum .
you will remove these restraints and leave this cell with the door open .
i will remove these restraints and leave the cell with the door open .
- and you 'll drop your weapon . - and i 'll drop my weapon .
no .
no .
guards !
guards !
begin charging the weapon .
yes , sir .
weapon charging .
the scan data from snap 's reconnaissance
flight confirms finn 's report .
they 've somehow created a hyper-lightspeed weapon built within the planet itself .
a laser cannon ?
we 're not sure how to describe a weapon of this scale .
it 's another death star .
i wish that were the case , major .
this was the death star .
and this is starkiller base .
so , it 's big .
how is it possible to power a weapon of that size ?
it uses the power of the sun .
as the weapon is charged the sun is drained until it disappears .
ma'am .
the first order , they 're charging the weapon again now .
our system is the next target .
oh , my .
without the republic fleet , we 're doomed .
okay . how do we blow it up ?
- there 's always a way to do that . - han 's right .
in order for that amount of power to be contained ...
that base has to have some kind of thermal oscillator .
there is one . precinct 47 .
here .
if we can destroy that oscillator ...
it might destabilize the core and cripple the weapon .
- maybe the planet . - we 'll go in there ,
we 'll hit that oscillator with everything we 've got .
they have defensive shields that our ships cannot penetrate .
we disable the shields .
kid , you worked there .
what do you got ?
i can do it .
i like this guy .
i can disable the shields , but i have to be there .
on the planet .
- we 'll get you there . - han , how ?
if i told you , you would n't like it .
so we disable the shields ...
we take out the oscillator and we blow up their big gun .
all right . let 's go .
chewie , check that donal capitator .
come on . let 's go .
finn , be careful with those . they 're explosives .
now you tell me ?
you know , no matter how much we fought ...
i 've always hated watching you leave .
that 's why i did it .
so you 'd miss me .
i did miss you .
it was n't all bad , was it ?
huh ?
some of it was ... good .
pretty good .
- some things never change . - true .
you still drive me crazy .
if you see our son ...
bring him home .
sir , sensors triggered in hangar 718 .
we 're searching the area .
she 's just beginning to test her powers .
the longer it takes to find her the more dangerous she becomes .
all sentry droids ...
all sentry droids , resynchronize to galactic standard time .
offset 473 .
how are we getting in ?
their shields have a fractional refresh rate .
keeps anything traveling slower than lightspeed from getting through .
we 're making our landing approach at lightspeed ?
chewie , get ready .
and ... now !
i am pulling up !
i get any higher ... they 'll see us !
sir , she was not found in hangar 718 .
but all troops are on alert .
put every hangar on lockdown .
she 's going to try to steal a ship to esc ...
han solo .
the flooding tunnel is over that ridge .
we 'll get in that way .
what was your job when you were based here ?
sanitation .
sanitation ?
then how do you know how to disable the shields ?
i do n't .
i 'm just here to get rey .
people are counting on us . the galaxy is counting on us .
solo , we 'll figure it out .
we 'll use the force .
that 's not how the force works .
i 'm cold .
oh , really ? you 're cold ?
come on .
report .
weapon charged in 15 minutes , sir .
hey !
the longer we 're here the less luck we 're gonna have .
- the shields . - i have an idea about that .
- you remember me ? - fn-2187 .
not anymore .
the name 's finn and i 'm in charge .
i 'm in charge now , phasma . i 'm in charge .
- bring it down . bring it down . - yeah .
follow me .
have you checked out the new t-17s ?
the t-17s , as far as i can tell are a great improvement .
yeah . that 's what they tell you .
but believe me , they do n't hold up .
- they do n't ? - no .
you want me to blast that bucket off your head ?
lower the shields .
you 're making a big mistake .
do it .
solo , if this works , we 're not gonna have a lot of time to find rey .
do n't worry , kid .
we wo n't leave here without her .
you ca n't be so stupid as to think this will be easy .
my troops will storm this block and kill you all .
i disagree . what do we do with her ?
is there a garbage chute ?
trash compactor ?
yeah , there is .
general , their shields are down .
thank the maker !
han did it . send them in .
give poe full authorization for attack .
black leader , go to sub-lights on your call .
roger , base .
red squad , blue squad , take my lead .
dropping out of lightspeed .
almost in range .
hit the target dead center . as many runs as we can get .
approaching target .
fighters incoming !
coming at 28 . 336 .
forty-five ! shields up ! shields up !
dispatch all squadrons .
yes , general .
all right . let 's light it up .
- ah , direct hit . - but no damage !
yeah , we gotta keep hitting it .
another bombing run .
remember , when the sun is gone that weapon will be ready to fire .
but as long as there 's light , we got a chance .
master poe , enemy fighters !
guys , we got a lot of company !
we think they may be splitting up .
heading to quadrants 4 and 5 .
we 'll use the charges to blow that blast door .
i 'll go in and draw fire , but i 'm gonna need cover .
you sure you 're up for this ?
hell , no .
i 'll go in and try to find rey .
the troopers will be on our tail .
we have to be ready for that .
there 's an access tunnel that leads ...
why are you doing that ? hmm ? why are you doing this ?
i 'm trying to come up with a plan .
no !
you all right ?
- yeah . - good .
what happened to you ? did he hurt you ?
finn , what are you doing here ?
we came back for you .
what 'd he say ?
that it was your idea .
thank you .
how did you get away ?
i ca n't explain it .
and you would n't believe it .
escape now , hug later .
i got one behind me .
- you see it ? - yeah . i 'm on it .
- burillo 's been hit . - watch out for ground fire .
they 're in trouble .
we ca n't leave .
my friend 's got a bag full of explosives .
let 's use them .
general , are you seeing this ?
two more x-wings down .
that 's half our fleet destroyed .
and their weapon will be fully charged in ten minutes .
it would take a miracle to save us now .
ah .
girl knows her stuff .
we 'll set the charges against every other column .
you 're right . that 's a better idea .
you take the top . i 'll go down below .
detonator .
we 'll meet back here .
find them .
ben !
han solo .
i 've been waiting for this day for a long time .
take off that mask . you do n't need it .
what do you think you 'll see if i do ?
the face of my son .
your son is gone .
he was weak and foolish like his father .
so i destroyed him .
that 's what snoke wants you to believe .
but it 's not true .
my son is alive .
no .
the supreme leader is wise .
snoke is using you for your power .
when he gets what he wants , he 'll crush you .
you know it 's true .
it 's too late .
no , it 's not .
leave here with me . come home .
we miss you .
i 'm being torn apart .
i want to be free of this pain .
i know what i have to do ,
but i do n't know if i have the strength to do it .
will you help me ?
yes . anything .
no !
thank you .
no .
the oscillator 's been damaged but is still functional .
admiral , their weapon will fire in two minutes .
the falcon 's this way .
we 're not done yet .
you 're a monster .
it 's just us now .
han solo ca n't save you .
rey !
rey .
rey !
oh , no . no , no .
rey .
traitor !
that lightsaber .
it belongs to me .
come get it .
we just lost r-1 .
we 're overwhelmed .
what do we do ? it is n't working .
black leader , there 's a brand new hole in that oscillator .
looks like our friends got in .
red four , red six , cover us .
- i 'm on it . - roger .
everybody else , hit the target hard .
give it everything you got .
i need some help here . i need some help !
- coming in ! - watch out !
i 'm hit !
all teams , i 'm going in .
pull up and cover me .
copy that , black leader . good luck , poe .
weapon fully charged in 30 seconds .
prepare to fire .
you need a teacher .
i could show you the ways of the force .
the force ?
- all eyes on that tie fighter .
- we 're losing power rapidly !
lieutenant ! get back to your station !
just look ! we wo n't survive . even hux is gone .
supreme leader .
the fuel cells have ruptured .
the collapse of the planet has begun .
leave the base at once and come to me with kylo ren .
it is time ...
to complete his training .
finn !
finn .
- all teams , i got eyes on them . - yes !
our job 's done here . let 's go home .
easy , easy . he 's hurt .
we 've got a heartbeat .
how are you ?
you are awake !
you 've come back .
you found what ?
how dare you call me that !
we have to find master luke .
find master luke , how ?
come , r2 .
we must go tell the others at once !
general .
excuse me , general .
r2 may contain some much-needed good news .
tell me .
poe , i need your map .
yeah . all right , buddy . hold on .
the map , it is complete .
luke .
oh , my dear friend , how i 've missed you .
we 'll see each other again .
i believe that .
thank you , my friend .
rey .
may the force be with you .
star wars rebels s01e01 spark of rebellion
your identification . now .
i 'm just trying to sell a couple jogans here .
all trade must be registered with the empire .
i remember what it was like before your ships showed up ,
before you imperials ruined lothal like the rest of the galaxy .
this is lrc-01 .
i 'm bringing in a citizen under a charge of treason .
copy that , lrc-01 . dispatch to cell block aa-33 .
- take him away . - you ca n't do this !
well ... who 's gonna stop us ?
you ? you ?
hey , mister , spare a jogan ?
move along , loth-rat .
sorry , sorry . not looking for trouble .
but it sure has a way of finding me .
all officers to the main square .
this is a code red emergency .
it 's your lucky day , lothal scum .
you two , come with us !
stay on alert . repeat , this is a code red .
thank you .
no . thank you .
wait . wait . what are you doing ?
hey , a kid 's gotta eat .
who is that kid ?
copy that . we have reached the location and we are standing by .
what 's the emergency ? emergency ?
you called in a code red .
i -- i 'm not sure what you mean .
my order is to get these crates to the imperial portal .
well , get them loaded then !
almost feel bad for them . almost .
that was weird . i --
interesting .
get those crates out of here .
keep them secure at all costs .
all costs , huh ?
i like the sound of that .
how 's it going ?
thanks for doing the heavy lifting .
- now what ? - after that kid !
pretty gutsy move , kid .
if the big guy catches you , he 'll end you .
good luck !
who are these guys ?
who is that kid ?
that 's never good !
okay , you caught me . i give up .
- what the -- - just kidding .
if kanan catches that kid , i 'm gonna end him .
- who are you ? - i 'm the guy who was stealing that crate .
hey , look . i stole this stuff --
what-whatever it is -- fair and square .
and you made it pretty far .
but i 've got plans for that crate , so today 's not your day .
mmm , day 's not over .
oh , wonderful .
have a good one !
this is spectre-1 . i need a lift .
whatever 's in these crates must really be worth it .
better be worth it !
you want a ride ?
kid , you have a better option ? come on !
leave the crate . you 'll never make it !
oh ! do you have any idea what these are worth on the black market ?
i do , actually .
do n't get any ideas .
- they 're mine . - if you had n't gotten in our way --
too bad . i got to them first .
it 's not who 's first . it 's who 's last .
keep an eye on our friend here .
you said this was a routine op . what happened down there ?
ugh , chopper , please .
- it 's been a difficult morning . - he has a point , love .
we 've got four tie fighters closing in .
hera , how about a little less attitude and a little more altitude ?
if i did n't know better , i 'd think you did that on purpose .
if you knew better , we would n't be in this situation .
seriously , kanan , what happened ?
he did .
look , i was just doing the same thing you were . stealing to survive .
you have no idea what we were doing . you do n't know us .
and i do n't want to . i just want off this burner .
please . nothing would thrill me more than tossing you out ...
while in flight .
a kid tripped you up ? must be some kid . spill it .
- are n't you a little busy at the moment ? - spill .
get off !
i ... ca n't ... breathe .
i 'm not that heavy in this gravity .
not the weight .
the smell .
you do n't like the air quality in here , eh ?
fine . i 'll give you your own room .
hey , stop !
let go .
kid sounds impressive .
you 're not thinking what i think you 're thinking .
he held on to a crate of blasters with a pack of troopers on his tail .
because i was there to save him .
he 's a street rat -- wild , reckless , dangerous and --
gone ?
zeb , sabine , where 's the kid ?
calm down , chief . he 's in --
uh , here .
zeb , where is he ?
well , he is still in the ship .
oh , he 's in the ship , all right .
very creative . sounds like someone i used to know .
i 'm -- i 'm in space .
and i 'm about to die !
shields are holding for now , but you need to buy me time ...
to calculate the jump to lightspeed .
buying time , now !
my name 's ezra . what 's yours ?
my name 's zeb , you loth-rat .
calculations complete , but we need an opening .
found one .
entering hyperspace .
they knew our protocol and were waiting in position .
i 've no doubt .
you 're not the first on lothal hit by this crew .
that 's a relief . i mean --
i assume that 's why you 're here , agent kallus .
the imperial security bureau pays attention to patterns .
when the empire 's operations are targeted on an ongoing basis ,
it could signify something more than the theft of a few crates .
it could signify the spark of rebellion .
next time they make a move , we 'll be waiting for them --
to snuff out that spark before it catches fire .
let go . you ca n't keep me here .
take me back to lothal .
calm down . that 's exactly what we 're doing .
wait . right now ?
with imperials chasing us ?
we lost the ties when we jumped ,
and the ghost can scramble its signature ...
so they wo n't recognize us when we return .
oh . that 's pretty cool .
so just drop me and my blasters outside capital city and --
they 're not your blasters .
and we 're not going back to capital city . the job 's not done .
hey , where are they going ?
if i told you , i 'd have to kill you .
oh , and i might just kill you anyway .
grab a crate , pull your weight .
lived on lothal my whole life . never been here .
the imperials do n't advertise it .
locals call it tarkintown .
named for grand moff tarkin , governor of the outer rim .
he kicked these folks off their farms when the empire wanted their land .
anybody tried to fight back got arrested -- for treason .
any problems procuring these lovely ladies ?
nothing we could n't handle , vizago .
your intel was accurate -- this time .
we got the goods and took a bite out of the empire .
that 's all that matters .
business is all that matters .
but i love that you do n't know that .
keep going .
i could .
or i could stop and trade the rest of the bounty
for another bit of intel you 've been begging after .
- the wookiees ? - the wookiees .
who wants free grub ?
yes . yes . much appreciated .
please , please . thank you .
thank you .
thank you .
thank you so much .
i -- i did n't do anything .
okay .
weird .
might be worth something .
careful . you 'll cut your arm off .
look , i know you 're not gonna believe me ,
but it 's like this thing wanted me to take it .
you 're right . i do n't believe you .
now hand me the lightsaber .
lightsaber ? is n't that the weapon of the jedi ?
give it to me and get out .
now we 'll see .
not too good at following directions , are you ?
not so much . you ?
never been my specialty .
who are you people ? i mean , you 're not thieves exactly .
we 're not exactly anything .
we 're a crew , a team ,
in some ways a family .
what happened to your real family ?
the empire . what happened to yours ?
kanan wants us in the common room .
if he tries anything , sound the alarm .
or shoot him .
just watch him .
sabine . my name 's sabine .
we have a new mission .
vizago acquired the flight plan for an imperial transport ship
full of wookiee prisoners .
most of these wookiees were soldiers for the old republic .
i owe those hairy beasts . they saved some of my people .
mine too .
if we 're going to save them , we 've got a tight window .
they 've been taken to an unknown slave labor camp .
if we do n't intercept this ship , we 'll never find them .
now , i have a plan --
but --
i ordered chopper to keep watch .
can we please get rid of him ?
no . we ca n't . the kid knows too much .
we do n't have time to take him home anyway . we need to move now .
i 'll keep an eye on him .
you know , this whole mission thing is nuts .
i 'm not against sticking it to the empire ,
but there 's no way i 'd stick my neck out this far .
- who does that ? - we do .
imperial transport 651 , this is starbird coming inbound .
state your business .
bounty . we captured an additional wookiee prisoner ...
and have transfer orders to place him with you .
we have no such orders .
that 's fine . we already got paid ... by governor tarkin .
if you do n't want the oversize monong , i 'll jettison here ,
let you explain to your superiors why the empire has one less slave .
permission to dock . bay 1 .
that thing 's not a wookiee .
have n't you ever seen a rare hairless wookiee before ?
oh , forget it .
told you they would n't buy it .
you did n't exactly give 'em a chance to buy it .
there 's just something about the feel of their helmets on my fists .
okay . you know the plan . move out .
no troopers . security 's soft .
spectre-1 , come in .
spectre-4 ? spectre-5 ?
ah , comm 's down .
no , not down . jammed .
something 's coming .
that 's an imperial star destroyer .
this whole thing was a setup .
it 's beginning to look that way .
prepare to board .
you need to board the transport and warn them .
what ? why do n't you do it ?
i need to be ready to take off , or none of us stands a chance .
no . no way .
why would i risk my life for a bunch of strangers ?
because kanan risked his for you .
if all you do is fight for your own life ,
then your life is worth nothing .
they need you , ezra . they need you right now .
listen . our crew boarded that transport to selflessly rescue imperial prisoners .
they have no idea they walked into a trap , no idea what 's coming .
you need to go warn them , ezra .
no , it 's too late for them , hera .
- we should run now , while -- - you do n't mean that .
i do . i swear i do .
which is why i ca n't believe i 'm doing this .
i can .
welcome aboard , agent kallus .
the rebels are headed for the brig ,
where quite the surprise awaits .
no guards on the door .
just set the detonator so we can get the wookiees out of here .
at least things seem to be going smoother than our last op .
it 's a trap ! we gotta get out of here . it 's a trap !
the kid 's blowing another op .
it 's not an op . it 's a trap .
hera sent me to warn you .
run !
we need to warn sabine and chopper , but they 've jammed the comm .
they 'll follow the plan . it 'll be fine .
yeah , 'cause the plan 's gone just great so far .
chopper , stop grumbling and work that gravity generator .
do n't stop !
i 've got the backup ready .
- push off ... now ! - now .
what the --
artificial gravity is down for two minutes .
you doing okay , kid ?
you kidding ? oh !
five , four -- get ready --
two , one , now .
now !
- where are the wookiees ? - no wookiees .
sabine , man the nose gun .
chop , tell hera to take off .
uh ... right !
let go !
kid , get out of the way !
i 'm trying !
sorry , kid !
you did good .
there . airlock shut .
we 're out of here !
chop , jam their tractor beam !
attention , rebel ship . surrender or be destroyed .
this is your first and last warning .
blow it out your exhaust vent .
literally .
sabine .
ah , i ca n't see it from here . how 'd it look ?
gorgeous , sabine . as always .
the whole thing was a setup .
you think vizago was in on it ?
he 'd sell his mother to jawas for a couple credits .
but we 're a source of income for him .
even odds he did n't know .
the kid did all right .
he did okay .
where is he ?
i , uh , thought he was with you .
zeb , what did you do to him ?
i did n't do anything to him .
but that i . s . b . agent grabbed him .
- what ? - the kid got grabbed , okay ?
garazeb orrelios !
oh , come on ! we were dumping him after the mission anyway .
this saves us fuel .
they 'll go easy on him . he 's just a kid .
i am agent kallus of the imperial security bureau .
-and you are ? -jabba the hutt .
look , i just met those guys today . i do n't know anything .
you 're not here for what you know , " jabba . "
you 're here to be used as bait upon our return to lothal .
bait ? you seriously think --
wow . you 're about as bright as a binary droid .
they 're not gonna come for me . people do n't do that .
search him . then secure him here .
hey , get off me !
let go !
" you need to go warn them , ezra . "
what was i thinking ?
and of course , the only thing i manage to hold on to ...
is this worthless piece of --
this is master obi-wan kenobi .
i regret to report that both our jedi order and the republic have fallen ,
with the dark shadow of the empire rising to take their place .
this message is a warning and a reminder for any surviving jedi
trust in the force .
no . no , no . no way !
-you cannot be serious ! -it 's our fault he was there .
come on , hera ! we just met this kid .
we 're not going back for him !
they 'll be waiting for us . we ca n't save him .
what ? what did he say ?
he voted with me . that 's two against two .
kanan , you have the deciding vote .
and you bucketheads are gonna be sorry when my uncle , the emperor ,
finds out you 're keeping me here against my will .
i guarantee he 'll make a personal --
example --
bye , guys .
the delay was insignificant .
the transport ship agent kallus diverted will dock on kessel within two hours .
the wookiees will be off-loaded to work spice mine k-77 .
this is stormtrooper ls-005 reporting to agent kallus .
- kallus here . - sir , th-the prisoner 's gone .
what ? i knew the boy would act as bait ,
but i never dreamed the rebels would be foolish enough to attack a destroyer .
- how did they get aboard ? - sir , the rebels did n't free him .
- he , uh -- - agent kallus .
there 's a security breach in the lower hangar .
i do n't know how ,
but the rebel ship approached without alerting our sensors .
they came back !
i do n't believe it .
order all stormtroopers to converge on the lower hangar .
i 'll meet them there .
this is trooper ls-123 reporting intruders in the upper hangar .
sir , i believe the lower hangar is a diversion .
maybe , maybe not .
squads five through eight divert to upper hangar .
the rest converge as ordered .
well , every little bit helps .
find ezra . i 'll be ready .
hold this bay till we get back .
and this time , try not to leave until everyone 's back aboard .
that was not my fault !
well , that 's debatable .
first you ditch me , then you hit me ?
how was i supposed to know it was you ?
you were wearing a bucket !
spectre-1 to ghost , we 're leaving .
oh , no . this time you board first !
ghost , raise the ramp .
aim for shield generator and engines .
do not let them --
take cover !
turn on the shield !
welcome aboard ... again .
thanks . thank you .
i really did n't think you 'd come back for me .
i 'll get you home now . i 'm sure your parents must be worried sick .
i do n't have parents .
and you 've got somewhere else to be .
i know where they 're really taking the wookiees .
have you heard of the spice mines of kessel ?
slaves sent there last a few months , maybe a year .
and for wookiees , born in the forest , it 's a death sentence .
then i guess we better go save 'em .
- " we " ? - come this far .
might as well finish the job .
setting course for kessel .
one of the rebels was using this helmet . the transmitter was on .
keep moving !
try not to get dead .
do n't wanna carry your body out .
hey , hey . i 'm here to help !
we 're hit ! chopper , aft gun !
take them down !
he 'll be okay . i 've got him .
i ca n't maintain position !
go ! lead the ties away and give yourself maneuvering room !
i am not leaving you behind !
no , you 're not . we 're running a 22-pickup .
seriously ?
you have a better option ?
jump into the pit and get it over with ?
all right , i 'll be back . make sure you 're ready .
22-pickup ? care to let me in on the secret ?
kid , i 'm about to let everyone in on the secret .
all troopers , focus your fire on --
on the jedi .
- time to go ! - right .
everyone , into the container !
kid , stop !
i swear , if he 's left behind again , it 's not my fault !
zeb ! hera 's incoming !
get in , you furballs , now !
kanan , i think you inspired the kid into ,
well , doing something like you would do !
gotcha !
magnetic seal locked .
i hate this part .
it 's over for you , jedi .
a master and an apprentice .
such a rare find these days .
i do n't know where you get your delusions , buckethead .
- i work alone . - not this time .
jump , kid !
first jedi you 've ever seen , sir ?
um , he says if we ever need help , the wookiees will be there .
good luck , kitwarr . try to stay out of trouble .
look who 's talking .
so ... i guess you drop me off next ?
uh , yeah .
finally , right ?
right .
oh . uh , sorry .
so , uh , see you around ?
not if we see you first .
do n't worry . you wo n't .
i think you have something that belongs to me .
good luck saving the galaxy .
he opened it . he passed the test .
what 's the force ?
the force is everywhere .
it surrounds us and penetrates us .
it binds the galaxy together .
and it 's strong with you , ezra .
otherwise , you 'd never have been able to open the holocron .
so , what do you want ?
to offer you a choice .
you can keep the lightsaber you stole ,
let it become just another dusty souvenir .
or you can give it back and come with us , come with me ,
and be trained in the ways of the force .
you can learn what it truly means to be a jedi .
- i thought the empire wiped out all the jedi . - not all of us .
this is master obi-wan kenobi .
i regret to report that both our jedi order and the republic have fallen ,
with the dark shadow of the empire rising to take their place .
this message is a warning and a reminder for any surviving jedi
trust in the force .
do not return to the temple .
that time has passed ,
and our future is uncertain .
we will each be challenged --
our trust , our faith ,
our friendships .
but we must persevere ,
and in time , a new hope will emerge .
may the force be with you ... always .
excuse the intrusion , inquisitor .
but in the course of my duties ,
i have encountered a rebel cell .
the leader of that cell made good use ...
of a lightsaber .
ah , agent kallus .
you did well to call .
i do n't have a shot !
chopper , do you have the coordinates ?
- what did he say ? - he said , " hello , hyperspace . "
that 's not what he said .
told you we 'd get away .
with the shipment .
you said we 'd get away with the shipment .
kanan , we 're low on everything .
- food . - explosives .
fuel . we need to make some money ,
or we might as well put the ghost in storage .
there 's always vizago 's job .
so we 're arms dealers again ?
mmm , more like arms redistributors .
come on . we do n't even know
what kind of weapons we 're talking about here .
hey , if it puts food on the table ...
and frees up some time for -- oh , i do n't know -- jedi training ,
then i 'm in .
- you game ? - say i am . what then ?
i already know the mission . let 's head to the spaceport .
now boarding star-commuter shuttle st-45 ,
bound for garell .
how rude .
this way , mr . wabo .
we have seats in the front .
where is that translator ?
coming , minister . come along , r2 .
star wars rebels s01e02 droids in distress
final call for star-commuter shuttle st-45 ,
bound for garell .
sentients , please prepare for takeoff .
amda wabo is most honored you are
joining him on garell , minister tua .
and , uh , if i might add a personal note --
will you cut it out ! you have plenty of room !
stop crowding me .
kid , how about you get that rust bucket under control ?
mind your own business !
hey , pilot .
is n't there some rule against droids in the passenger area ?
i am sorry , sir .
your astromech must proceed to the back of the craft .
hey , if my astromech 's banished ,
then those two astromechs are banished too .
astromech ? me ?
i have never been so insulted .
i 'll have you know that i am a protocol droid ...
fluent in over six million forms --
pilot , these two droids are with me ,
and i am on imperial business .
sorry , ma'am , but these are imperial regulations .
but , minister --
i ca n't risk an incident spoiling these negotiations .
go !
oh , this is so humiliating .
trust an astromech to ruin everything .
secret mission . what secret mission ?
i 'm sorry , mr . wabo . i -- i do n't understand you .
hello . excuse me .
i could n't help noticing your predicament .
if it 's of any help , my ward here is quite fluent .
oh , i would never presume .
though it would be good practice for
my level five exams at the imperial academy .
no , no . but i could n't .
you 're a level five academy student ?
i was too , once upon a time .
that young creature ca n't possibly take the place
of a fully programmed protocol droid such as i .
the odds of our mission becoming a complete debacle --
do n't you shush me !
it hardly matters to you what they 're saying .
well , thank you .
there . you see , r2 ?
here is an astromech who understands etiquette .
you could learn a lot from this old c1-10p .
now , please ask mr . wabo ...
where the shipment is being held .
he said bay 17 .
sentients , we are approaching garell .
please prepare for landing .
my dear , you did great service to your empire today .
now focus on those level fives .
oh , i will , minister . it 's been such an honor .
thank you .
take us straight to bay 17 .
yes , minister .
bay 7 .
kanan , i thought you were gonna teach me jedi stuff .
so far , all i 'm doing is thieving ,
and i already knew how to do that .
just get to bay 7 , open the door ,
and we all get paid .
so we steal to stay alive .
see ? told you i already knew this .
okay . i 'm in bay 7 .
well , kid , you pulled it off .
- was there ever any doubt ? - yes .
almost there .
do we know what exactly vizago has us stealing yet ?
whoa . they 're t-7 ion disruptor .
these were banned by the senate .
you can short-circuit an entire ship with these .
that 's not why they were banned .
get 'em aboard before company comes .
there is nothing here . where are my disruptors ?
yes , she said disruptors . now hush .
apparently , the cargo is in bay 7 ,
so amda wabo wonders why we are here .
the girl told me 17 .
in aqualish , a translator can easily confuse seven with seventeen ,
if she is an amateur .
well , there 's no time to waste .
take us to bay 7 .
well , stall them .
r2-d2 , i told you before to watch where you are rolling !
you appear to be malfunctioning again .
really . r2-d2 , apologize .
wait . this is the c1 droid that caused our translator to --
to bay 7 , double time !
- hurry ! we 're running out of -- - time 's up !
we 're busted .
hands up .
what are you doing ?
there a problem here ?
amda wabo says those crates contain his disruptors .
uh , must be some mistake .
ca n't possibly be disruptors in there ,
cause they 're illegal , right ?
that 's irrelevant . we 're going to search your crates .
be my guest .
forward !
on second thought --
you want disruptors , you gotta come through me !
never again ! you 're trying to shoot me ? you missed !
get those crates aboard ship , now !
uh , right .
will you please stop talking !
brigands , r2 . we 're surrounded by brigands .
the mission is doomed , and so are we .
what ? r2 ! r2 ! where do you think you 're going ?
following that droid ?
well , he certainly seems to be on a mission ,
so you had better accelerate yourself .
spectre-4 , time to go !
right .
spectre-1 to ghost . we 're good to go .
going .
oh , look . chopper made friends .
i am c-3po , and this is my counterpart , r2-d2 .
i was translating for minister tua ...
when we were attacked by thieves like , uh , you .
we have company . imperial droids .
spectre-5 , let 's get a couple restraining bolts on these two .
yup . on it .
spectre-6 , spectre-3 , keep an eye on 'em .
right . that 'll happen .
excuse me , sir , but this is a terrible mistake .
my partner and i are in service of minister tua of lothal --
kanan . a word ?
can it wait ? if i do n't confirm our rendezvous with vizago ,
we 'll have done all this for nothing .
yeah . about that --
maybe this time we do n't sell to vizago , eh ?
maybe we get those disruptors out of circulation instead .
least we got 'em out of imperial circulation .
when i was translating ,
i found out they were shipping those t-7s as prototypes ...
so the empire could mass-produce them on lothal .
see , zeb ? perfect crime .
we steal weapons meant for the empire
and sell them for credits we desperately need to keep this bird flying .
oh , hey . if we need credits ,
maybe vizago will buy those two droids .
yeah . good idea .
describe the thieves .
i saw five -- an adult male ,
a juvenile male , a juvenile female , an old c1 droid ...
and a lasat .
honestly , agent kallus ,
i did n't think there were any lasats left .
a few , minister .
only a few .
and stay out !
you ca n't do that ! it 's my cabin too .
ezra ? come in here .
hera , zeb 's booted me from my own --
i know , but maybe you could cut zeb a little slack today .
oh , the way he cuts me slack ?
do you know what a t-7 disruptor is ?
what it does to an organic being ?
uh -- no .
well , zeb knows .
because it 's what the imperials used on his people ...
when they cleared his home world .
very few lasats survived .
and none remain on lasan .
i -- i guess i could cut him a little slack .
good man .
so , how 's the jedi training going with kanan ?
jedi training ? never heard of it .
we 'll see about that .
home , sweet home .
- can we discuss this later ? - that 's fine , love .
but we will discuss it .
oh , right . this r2 says its real mission ...
was to make sure the t-7s never reached the empire ,
and that his master will pay handsomely for their return .
i 'll think about it .
so , we 're not selling the droids ,
but we 're selling the t-7s ?
we do n't even know who vizago 's buyer is .
we know it 's not the empire ,
and i already made a deal with vizago .
so let 's get these crates off the boat .
sir , a distress call to governor pryce
has been rerouted to your attention .
this is c-3po , human-cyborg relations .
my counterpart and i were abducted from
the spaceport on garell by criminals .
thieves ! outlaws !
remain calm , my friend . all i need is your location .
sending our coordinates now .
have no fear . help is on the way .
oh . i can make some beautiful music with these .
they 're not that kind of instruments !
ah . you just have to know how to play them .
and how to play those who want to buy them .
you have to buy them from us first .
finally . someone on your crew who understands business .
let 's just get this over with .
what is this ?
- you were followed ! - that 's not possible .
tell it to the empire !
leave the rest . we 're gone !
you have n't paid us .
cikatro vizago does n't pay for half a shipment .
and he does n't pay for trouble with imperials .
my friends , i hope you live to bargain another day .
and if you do n't -- eh .
should n't we be going too ?
we ca n't let these disruptors fall into imperial hands .
sabine , destroy the guns .
ha . now you 're speaking my language . i 'll go get my gear .
r2-d2 , stop ! what are you doing ?
joining the crew ?
of course . overload the disruptors , and boom !
good call , little guy . you can join our crew anytime .
well , short my circuits .
hera , help sabine open the crates .
zeb , ezra , line 'em up .
meanwhile , i 'll deal with the walkers .
advance and fire .
thank you . thank you .
i knew some form of rescue would arrive .
i told r2 , but he thinks so ill of stormtroopers .
wait ! do n't shoot ! do n't shoot !
you 're here to rescue me !
chopper , ready the ship for takeoff !
you ! lasat !
face me !
wait ! zeb !
only the honor guard of lasan may carry a bo-rifle !
i know .
i removed it from a guardsman myself .
i was there when lasan fell .
i know why you fear those disruptors .
i gave the order to use them .
that fool lasat 's gonna get himself killed .
okay . we 're ready .
everyone , push !
no !
spectre-2 , get the kid aboard .
right .
move , all of you , now !
zeb ! come on , big guy .
we gotta get out of here . zeb ?
will our torment never end ?
chopper , get us out of here .
will he be okay ?
yeah .
thanks , mate .
appreciate the save .
was n't me .
it was ezra .
and , ezra , your formal jedi training starts tomorrow .
that 's very generous , sir .
well , i 'm very fond of these droids .
then i 'm glad we could return them .
the simplest gesture of kindness ...
can fill a galaxy with hope .
is n't that ... a jedi saying ?
safe travels , my friend .
safe travels .
you did n't tell them my name .
of course i did n't , senator organa .
but this entire ordeal has rather stressed every one of my circuits .
permission to shut down ?
granted .
you recorded everything , old friend ?
good . we 'll focus on the imperials later .
for now , show me what you have on your rebels .
okay , you can do this .
yes !
very funny . but i do n't need your help .
chopper !
come back here , you rolling junk pile !
oh , uh , hey , sabine .
i see you 're , uh , painting ... stuff .
well , nothing gets past you , kid .
you know , if you ever need a little inspiration --
yeah . then i 'll be sure to look elsewhere .
chopper !
stay out of my room !
uh -- gotta go !
kid , you wake me , you die .
it 's his fault !
i do n't care . i 'm crushing you both .
that 's lasat gratitude for you .
all i did was save your life from an imperial agent .
or did that slip your mind ?
how could it ? you remind me every 23 seconds .
you know , zeb , in some places ,
when a man owes you his life , he 's your servant forever .
well , this is n't someplace . it 's my place .
- so get out . - sorry , roomie . no deal .
-it 's not my fault ! - tell it to my fist !
the bolts from ezra 's bunk ?
hmm . needs a little something .
- it 's his fault ! - it 's his fault !
star wars rebels s01e03 fighter flight
my fault ? this is your fault .
- do n't go blaming this on me . - enough !
this is my ship you 're wrecking , and i want you off it .
hera , be reasonable .
come on . you know what he 's like .
- uh , what 's this ? - a market list .
the town of kothal 's two klicks to the south ,
and i 'm sending you both on a supply run .
with him ? with him ?
with each other . oh .
do n't even think about coming back without at least one meiloorun fruit .
- clear ? - clear .
how do you expect them to find meiloorun on lothal ?
ezra ?
is that ezra bridger ?
mr . sumar ?
ezra . oh , look how you 've grown .
- here , have a jogan . - thanks .
do n't suppose you have any meilooruns ?
meilooruns ?
- meilooruns do n't grow on lothal . - they do n't ?
no . of course they do n't .
i suppose you could find an off-world importer , but it 'd cost you .
right . well , great seeing you again .
you there . sumar !
- have you changed your mind ? - no .
i told you , i 'm not selling my farm .
very well .
i got everything but the meilooruns .
- any luck ? - no .
and i do n't think hera meant for us to have luck .
well , someone has to be selling those things .
here , take this . i 'll go find one .
seriously ? you want me to carry your supplies after saving your life ?
stop ... saying you saved my life !
- meilooruns ! - meilooruns !
how much for the whole crate ?
i 'm sorry . they 're already sold .
well , maybe we can buy one from --
from the empire ? yeah , good luck .
what are you smiling about ?
the obvious answer to our problem .
no .
no .
hey , it 's not like we 've never stolen from the empire before .
right . so what 's the plan , kid ?
you gonna use the force ?
maybe . sure . why not ?
- we should go . - you go .
- i 'm getting what we came for . - wait , kid --
you there !
i 'll just put this back .
run !
stop them !
you made me lose the rest of the supplies !
- at least we 're even . - even ? please .
i had the whole situation under control .
come here !
where 'd they go ?
up there !
- zeb ! - just keep going . i 'll catch up to you .
split up !
hey , you do n't have any meilooruns , do you ?
there is nowhere to hide .
commander , take this monster in for questioning .
let 's find out why he 's running .
hands up !
never actually flown one of these before .
look out !
ha , ha , ha ! too bad the kid was n't here to see that .
on the other hand --
great . just what i need .
zeb ?
zeb ! hey , zeb , let me in !
so now , i 'd be saving your life , right ?
what ? yeah , sure . yes !
- whatever ! - i let you in , we 're even .
- fine ! - you have to say it !
all right , all right . we 're even .
now let me in !
do n't crowd me , kid . i 'm flying here .
you do n't know how . let me .
- turn the ship ! - let go !
- turn the ship ! - i 'm trying !
i ca n't see a thing !
- gain altitude . - i know .
zeb .
- oop . sorry , hera . - no entry .
you do realize this is n't your room ?
i was inspired . it was ezra 's idea .
eh , could be worse . could be my room .
- i think we 're too low . - how can you tell ?
why do n't you go clean the window ?
we need to turn .
turn !
how did you know ?
not sure . i just ... knew .
good .
that 's -- that 's good .
now get out there and clean the canopy .
have to admit , it 's a lot more peaceful aboard with the kids gone .
yeah , but i 'm feeling a bit guilty about sending them --
on a wild meiloorun chase ?
spectre-4 to ghost .
ah , right on cue . go ahead , spectre-4 .
right . well , we 've had a bit of a problem .
i thought you might .
look , do n't worry about the meilooruns .
yeah , meilooruns . uh , we found some .
but we lost them . then we found them again . but we smashed them .
just cut to the chase , kid .
- wait ! what am i hearing ? it sounds like -- - yeah , about that .
see , um -- well -- we stole a tie fighter .
you what ?
- he 's taking it better than i thought . - get rid of it !
do we have to ?
at least tell me you dismantled the locator beacon .
of course . we 're not fools .
under there . the red wire .
- no , wait . the blue . - well , which one ?
it 's the red and the blue .
right . got it . i-i mean ... got it a long time ago .
you know , back when we first boarded . right away . immediately .
stealing a tie attracts unwanted attention .
rendezvous at shadow site 2 . fly straight there .
do not stop . and do n't do anything .
on our way . spectre-4 out .
- that went well . - yeah .
- do you know which way we 're supposed to go ? -no idea .
i told you before -- we 're not selling this farm .
you misunderstand .
we are no longer interested in buying .
okay . navigation system 's on line .
course set for rendezvous point .
wait . what 's that ?
- looks like smoke . - yeah .
only ... i think i know where it 's coming from .
go check it out . please .
- friends of yours ? - of my parents .
there 's a convoy of troop transports heading northwest .
i know that look .
- what 's the worst that could happen ? -well , we both wind up dead .
besides that .
oh , boy . here goes nothing .
attention , transports .
this is imperial commander meiloorun .
- meiloorun ? seriously ? - shh .
there 's a report of rebel activity in your sector . reduce speed .
acknowledged , commander .
reduce speed .
- you sure , kid ? - just get me in close .
a tie fighter ?
this is supply master lyste , lsm-03 .
my men reported a stolen tie .
that 's not the tie you 're looking for .
it 's a totally different tie .
i sent it to , uh , seek out the rebels .
commander , repeat your operating number .
sorry . did n't catch that .
but maintain current position .
all transports , resume speed .
and man the cannon .
you see that tie again , take your shot .
do n't think he 's taking commander meiloorun 's orders anymore .
- mr . sumar ! - ezra ?
hold on . i 'll have you out soon .
you 'll never reach it . it 's too dangerous .
okay , you can do this .
i knew i 'd get the hang of that .
sir , someone 's unlocked the prisoners on transport 3 .
i want troopers up top , now !
you have to jump . jump and scatter .
we 're moving too fast !
so you 'd rather stay prisoners ?
- sir , the prisoners are escaping . - open fire .
that gun turret 's gonna be a problem .
this bird has no shields .
working on it .
well , hello , stranger .
maintain fire . his shots wo n't penetrate your armor .
what the --
not bad , kid .
gotcha !
wait ! you did all this ... for fruit ?
no ! okay , maybe a little .
there 's gotta be something useful in here .
a wrench ? a wrench !
all for fruit !
not bad , ace .
gotcha !
uh , how are you flying this thing ?
thanks for the save . guess i owe you now .
let 's just say we 're eternally even .
oh . you collect these , right ?
already have that one .
but this is a nice one .
besides , maybe i can get sabine to paint it for me .
so ... thanks .
so , what do we do about the tie ?
ah , they should have been here by now .
over there !
one fresh meiloorun , as ordered .
thank you , kind sir .
team effort .
forget about the fruit . where 's the tie fighter ?
i crashed it .
on purpose . uh , we did n't want it to fall back into the empire 's hands .
that 's what i like to hear .
finished .
uh , finished with what , sabine ?
thought it was a moment that needed to be immortalized .
and you did say you wanted to be my inspiration .
yeah , but that makes me look like a fool .
makes me look like a bigger fool .
i paint what i see .
- chopper ! - this was all your fault !
come back , you metal menace !
i 'm tearing that rust bucket apart !
- it 's his fault ! - it 's his fault !
at least they got rid of the tie .
- mama ! - we know .
jyn , gather your things . it 's time .
- hello ? - saw , it 's lyra .
it 's happened . he 's come for us .
you know what to do .
jyn , come here .
remember , whatever i do ,
i do it to protect you .
say you understand .
i understand .
i love you , stardust .
i love you , too , papa .
galen .
go .
jyn .
you know where to go , do n't you ?
trust the force .
you 're a hard man to find , galen .
but farming ...
really ? man of your talents ?
it 's a peaceful life .
it 's lonely , i imagine .
since lyra died , yes .
my condolences .
search the house .
what is it you want ?
the work has stalled . i need you to come back .
i wo n't do it , krennic .
we were on the verge of greatness .
we were this close
to providing peace and security for the galaxy .
you 're confusing peace with terror .
well ,
you have to start somewhere .
i 'd be of no help , krennic .
my mind just is n't what it was .
i have trouble remembering .
even simple things .
galen ...
you 're an inspired scientist , but you 're a terrible liar .
now , i admire the effort . i really do .
oh , look , here 's lyra , back from the dead .
it 's a miracle .
stop !
oh , lyra ,
troublesome as ever .
you 're not taking him .
no , of course i 'm not . i 'm taking you all .
you 'll all come . you , your child . you 'll all live in comfort .
as hostages .
as heroes of the empire .
lyra .
put it down .
think very carefully .
- you will never win . - do it .
lyra !
lyra !
they have a child !
find it !
my child !
come .
come .
we have a long ride ahead of us .
check in security ,
cell block 4227 .
i was about to leave .
i came as fast as i could .
i have to get back on board . walk with me .
back to jedha ?
they 'll leave without me .
easy ! you have news from jedha .
come on .
an imperial pilot , one of the cargo drivers
he defected yesterday .
he 's telling people they 're making a weapon .
the kyber crystals , that 's what they 're for .
what kind of weapon ?
look , i have to go .
what kind of weapon ?
a planet killer !
that 's what he called it !
a planet killer ?
someone named erso sent him .
some old friend of saw 's .
galen erso ? was it ?
i do n't know ! they were looking for saw when we left .
who else knows about this ?
i have no idea .
it 's all falling apart .
saw 's right .
there 's spies everywhere .
what 's all this ?
come on , let 's see some scandocs .
yeah , of course . just ... my gloves .
no !
what have you done ?
troopers down . section 9 .
are you crazy ?
i 'll never climb out of here . my arm !
get out of the way .
move ! move !
hey . calm down . calm down .
it will be all right .
is that him ?
he looks kind of different to how i imagined .
okay . so you 're saw gerrera ?
saw gerrera ?
no ?
okay , we 're just wasting time that we do n't have .
i need to speak to saw gerrera . i keep telling them .
before it 's too late .
we 're out here in the middle of nowhere .
we need to get to jedha city .
what part of " urgent message " do you guys not understand ?
we are all on the same side .
if you just see past the uniform for a minute .
what now ?
i do n't know . must be another pickup .
i thought we had everybody .
all clear , sir .
hallik ! liana hallik !
her .
you wanna get out of here ?
hey ! what about me ?
give me the keys ! give me the keys !
congratulations . you are being rescued .
please do not resist .
lu-28 , report to maintenance level 4 .
you 're currently calling yourself liana hallik .
is that correct ?
possession of unsanctioned weapons .
forgery of imperial documents .
aggravated assault . escape from custody .
resisting arrest .
imagine if the imperial authorities had found out ...
who you really were , jyn erso .
that is your given name , is it not ?
jyn erso , daughter of galen erso ?
a known imperial collaborator in weapons development .
what is this ?
it 's a chance for you to make a fresh start .
we think you might be able to help us .
this is captain cassian andor , rebel intelligence .
when was the last time you were in contact with your father ?
15 years ago .
any idea where he 's been all that time ?
i like to think he 's dead .
makes things easier .
easier than what ?
that he 's been a tool of the imperial war machine ?
i 've never had the luxury of political opinions .
really ?
when was your last contact with saw gerrera ?
it 's been a long time .
but he 'll remember you , though .
would n't he ?
he might agree to meet you , if you came as a friend .
we 're up against the clock here , girl , so if there 's nothing to talk about ,
we 'll just put you back where we found you .
i was a child . saw gerrera saved my life . he raised me .
but i have no idea where he is .
i have n't seen him in years .
we know how to find him .
that 's not our problem .
what we need is someone
who gets us through the door without being killed .
you 're all rebels , are n't you ?
yes , but saw gerrera is an extremist .
he 's been fighting on his own since he broke with the rebellion .
his militancy has caused the alliance
a great many problems .
we have no choice now but to try
and mend that broken trust .
what does this have to do with my father ?
there 's an imperial defector in jedha . a pilot .
he 's been held by saw gerrera .
he 's claiming the emperor is creating a weapon
with the power to destroy entire planets .
the pilot says he was sent by your father .
we need to stop this weapon before it is finished .
captain andor 's mission is to authenticate the pilot 's story .
and then , if possible , find your father .
it appears he is critical to the development of this super weapon .
given the gravity of the situation
and your history with saw ,
we 're hoping that he will help us locate your father
and return him to the senate for testimony .
and if i do it ?
we 'll make sure you go free .
captain andor .
i 'm a reprogrammed imperial droid .
i remember you .
i see the council is sending you with us to jedha .
apparently so .
that is a bad idea .
i think so , and so does cassian .
what do i know ?
my specialty is just strategic analysis .
galen erso is vital to the empire 's weapons program .
forget what you heard in there .
there will be no extraction .
you find him ...
you kill him .
then and there .
prepare for takeoff while we check your authorization .
you met k-2 ?
charming .
he tends to say whatever comes into his circuits .
it 's a byproduct of the reprogram .
why does she get a blaster and i do n't ?
- what ? - i know how to use it .
that 's what i 'm afraid of . give it to me .
we 're going to jedha .
that 's a war zone .
that 's not the point . where 'd you get it ?
i found it .
i find that answer vague and unconvincing .
trust goes both ways .
you 're letting her keep it ?
would you like to know the probability
of her using it against you ?
it 's high .
let 's get going .
it 's very high .
lies !
deceptions !
let 's see it .
" bodhi rook . cargo pilot . "
- local boy , huh ? - uh-huh .
okay . i can hear you .
he did n't capture me . i came here myself . i defected .
i defected .
every day , more lies .
lies ? would i risk everything for a lie ?
no , we do n't have time for this .
i have to speak to saw gerrera before it 's too late .
okay .
sorry , you 're ...
um ...
that 's for you .
and i gave it to them .
they did not find it !
i gave it to them .
uh , galen erso .
he told me to find you .
bor gullet .
uh , bor gullet ?
what ? wait !
galen erso sent me !
he told me to find you .
most unfortunate about
the security breach on jedha , director krennic .
after so many setbacks and delays , and now this .
we 've heard word of rumors circulating through the city .
apparently , you 've lost
a rather talkative cargo pilot .
if the senate gets wind of our project ,
countless systems will flock to the rebellion .
when the battle station is finished , governor tarkin ...
the senate will be of little concern .
when has become now , director krennic .
the emperor will tolerate no further delay .
you have made time an ally of the rebellion .
i suggest we solve both problems simultaneously ...
with an immediate test of the weapon .
failure will find you explaining why
to a far less patient audience .
i will not fail .
what 's the matter , jyn ? you look frightened .
i 'll always protect you .
stardust .
do n't ever change .
trust .
galen .
we 're coming into orbit . you have controls .
that 's jedha .
or what 's left of it .
we find saw , we find your father .
what 's with the destroyer ?
it 's because of your old friend , saw gerrera .
he 's been attacking the cargo shipments .
what are they bringing in ?
it 's what are they taking out .
kyber crystal . all they can get .
we wondered why they were stripping the temple .
now we know .
it 's the fuel for the weapon .
the weapon your father 's building .
maybe we should leave target practice behind .
are you talking about me ?
she 's right . we need to blend in .
stay with the ship .
i can blend in . i 'm an imperial droid .
the city is under imperial occupation .
half the people here wanna reprogram you .
the other half wanna put a hole in your head .
i 'm surprised you 're so concerned with my safety .
i 'm not .
i 'm just worried they might miss you and hit me .
does n't sound so bad to me .
bor gullet
can feel
your thoughts .
no lie is safe .
what have you really brought me , cargo pilot ?
bor gullet will know the truth .
the unfortunate side effect is that one tends ...
to lose one 's mind .
no !
hey .
you just watch yourself .
wait . no , no .
sorry , sir .
we do n't want any trouble . sorry .
come on . come on .
citizens of jedha .
you must come forward with information
of the location of this missing cargo pilot .
a reward of 600 credits for the information shall be awarded .
i had a contact .
one of saw 's rebels .
but he 's just gone missing .
his sister will be looking for him .
the temple 's been destroyed , but she 'll be there waiting .
we 'll give her your name
and hope that gets us a meeting with saw .
hope ?
yeah . rebellions are built on hope .
hands where i can see them .
get over there .
show me some identification . check inside .
is this all because of your pilot ?
may the force of others be with you .
wait for me .
may the force of others be with you .
may the force of others be with you .
would you trade that necklace for a glimpse into your future ?
yes .
i 'm speaking to you .
i 'm chirrut imwe .
how did you know i was wearing a necklace ?
for that answer , you must pay .
what do you know about kyber crystals ?
my father , he ...
he said they powered the jedi 's lightsabers .
jyn .
come on . let 's go .
the strongest stars have hearts of kyber .
let 's go .
we 're not here to make friends .
who are they ?
the guardians of the whills .
protectors of the kyber temple .
but there 's nothing left to protect .
so now they 're just causing trouble for everybody .
you seem awfully tense all of a sudden .
we have to hurry . this town is ready to blow .
citizens of the empire ...
imperial forces tirelessly fight
saw gerrera 's reign of terror ...
over the people of this beloved city .
truth and justice are the tools of the empire .
tell me you have a backup plan .
incoming !
looks like we found saw 's rebels .
up there !
jyn , no !
hit the terrorist .
get out of there !
kyber ...
come on !
this way !
cassian !
did you know that was n't me ?
yeah . of course .
i thought i told you to stay on the ship .
you did . but i thought it was boring ,
and you were in trouble .
there were a lot of explosions ...
- for two people blending in . - freeze !
you 're right .
i should just wait on the ship .
halt . stop right there .
where are you taking these prisoners ?
these are prisoners .
yes . where are you taking them ?
i am taking them to imprison them in prison .
- he 's taking us to ... - quiet !
and there 's a fresh one if you mouth off again .
- we 'll take them from here . - that 's okay .
if you could just point me in the right direction ,
i can take them , i 'm sure .
- i 've taken them this far . - hey , wait a second .
- take them away . - wait .
you ca n't take them away .
you . stay here .
we need to check your diagnostics .
diagnostics ?
i 'm capable of running my own diagnostics ,
thank you very much .
let them pass in peace .
let them pass in peace .
the force is with me .
and i am with the force .
and i fear nothing .
for all is as the force wills it .
hey , stop right there .
he 's blind .
is he deaf ?
i said stop right there !
is your foot all right ?
you almost shot me .
you 're welcome .
clear of hostiles .
- one hostile . - he 's with us .
they 're all right .
thanks .
cassian , i 'm sorry about the slap .
go back to the ship . wait for my call .
is he a jedi ?
there are no jedi here anymore .
only dreamers like this fool .
the force did protect me .
i protected you .
can you get us to saw gerrera ?
ca n't you see ? we are no friends of the empire .
anyone who kills me or my friends
will answer to saw gerrera .
because i 'm the daughter of galen erso .
are you kidding me ? i 'm blind .
i 'm one with the force , the force is with me .
i 'm one with the force , the force is with me .
you pray ?
i 'm one with the force , the force is with me .
really ?
i 'm one with the force , the force is with me .
he 's praying for the door to open .
it bothers him because he knows it 's possible .
baze malbus was once the most devoted guardian of us all .
i 'm beginning to think the force and i have different priorities .
relax , captain .
we 've been in worse cages than this one .
this is the first for me .
there is more than one sort of prison , captain .
i sense that you carry yours wherever you go .
jyn .
is it really you ?
i ca n't believe it !
must be quite a surprise .
are we not still friends ?
the last time i saw you ,
you gave me a knife and loaded blaster ...
and told me to wait in a bunker till daylight .
i knew you were safe .
you left me behind .
you were already the best soldier in my cadre .
- i was 16 ! - i was protecting you !
you dumped me !
you were the daughter of an imperial science officer .
people were starting to figure that out .
people who wanted to use you as a hostage .
not a day goes by ...
that i do n't think of you .
but today ...
of all days ...
it 's a trap .
is n't it ?
what ?
the pilot .
the message .
all of it .
did they send you ?
did you come here ...
to kill me ?
there 's not much of me left .
the alliance wants my father .
they think he sent you a message about a weapon .
i guess they think by sending me ,
you might actually help them out .
so what is it that you want , jyn ?
they wanted an introduction , they 've got it .
i 'm out now .
rest of you can do what you want .
you care not about the cause ?
the cause ?
seriously ?
the alliance ...
the rebels , whatever it is
you 're calling yourself these days ...
all it 's ever brought me is pain .
you can stand to see the imperial flag
reign across the galaxy ?
it 's not a problem if you do n't look up .
i have something to show you .
come .
the emperor is awaiting my report .
one would hope that he and lord vader
might 've been here for such an occasion .
and i thought it prudent to save you
from any potential embarrassment .
your concern 's hardly warranted .
if saying it would only make it so .
all imperial forces have been evacuated ...
and i stand ready to destroy the entire moon .
that wo n't be necessary .
we need a statement , not a manifesto .
the holy city will be enough for today .
target jedha city .
prepare single reactor ignition .
sir , we 're in position ...
fire !
commence primary ignition .
who 's the one in the next cell ?
what ?
where ?
an imperial pilot .
- pilot ? - i 'm gonna kill him !
- no , no . no , wait ! - come here !
no !
back off ! back off !
okay , okay .
are you the pilot ?
hey . hey .
are you the pilot ? the shuttle pilot ?
pilot ?
what 's wrong with him ?
galen erso .
you know that name ?
i brought the message . i 'm the pilot .
i 'm the pilot .
i 'm the pilot .
okay . good .
now where is galen erso ?
stand by .
this is the message i was sent .
saw , if you are watching this ...
then perhaps there 's a chance to save the alliance .
perhaps there 's a chance to explain myself ...
and , though i do n't dare hope for too much ...
a chance for jyn , if she 's alive ...
if you can possibly find her ...
to let her know that my love for her has never faded ...
and how desperately i 've missed her .
jyn , my stardust ...
i ca n't imagine what you think of me .
when i was taken , i faced some bitter truths .
i was told that soon enough
krennic would have you as well .
as time went by ...
i knew that you were either dead ...
or so well hidden that he would never find you .
i knew if i had refused to work , if i took my own life ...
it would only be a matter of time before krennic realized ...
he no longer needed me to complete the project .
so i did the one thing nobody expected .
i lied .
i learned to lie .
i played the part of a beaten man
resigned to the sanctuary of his work .
i made myself indispensable ...
and all the while , i laid the groundwork of my revenge .
we call it the death star .
there is no better name ...
and the day is coming soon when it will be unleashed .
i 've placed a weakness deep within the system ...
a flaw so small and powerful , they will never find it .
but , jyn ...
jyn , if you 're listening , my beloved ...
so much of my life has been wasted .
i try to think of you only in the moments when i 'm strong ...
because the pain of not having you with me ...
your mother , our family .
the pain of that loss is so overwhelming ...
i risk failing even now .
it 's just so hard not to think of you .
think of where you are ...
my stardust .
saw ...
the reactor module , that 's the key .
that 's the place i 've laid my trap .
it 's well hidden and unstable .
one blast to any part of it will destroy the entire station .
you 'll need the plans ...
the structural plans for the death star , to find the reactor .
i know there 's a complete engineering archive ...
in the data vault at the citadel tower on scarif .
any pressurized explosion to the reactor module ...
will set off a chain reaction that will destroy the entire station .
go , go !
k-2 , k-2 ! where are you ?
there you are .
i 'm standing by as you requested ...
although there 's a problem on the horizon .
there 's no horizon .
locate our position . bring that ship in here , now !
where are you going ?
i gotta find jyn .
get the pilot , we need him !
all right .
i 'll get the pilot .
pilot .
no , no , no !
let 's go .
jyn !
jyn !
hey .
we gotta go .
i know where your father is .
go with him , jyn .
you must go !
come with us .
i will run no longer .
- come on . - but you must save yourself .
- come on . - go !
there 's no time !
save the rebellion !
save the dream .
oh , it 's beautiful .
chirrut , let 's go !
come on !
let 's get out of here !
get us out of here !
punch it !
i 'm not very optimistic about our odds .
not now , k .
come on !
punch it .
i have n't completed my calculations .
i 'll make them for you .
i believe i owe you an apology , director krennic .
your work exceeds all expectations .
and you 'll tell the emperor as much ?
i will tell him that his patience with your misadventures ...
has been rewarded with a weapon
that will bring a swift end to the rebellion .
and that that was only an inkling
of its destructive potential .
i will tell him that i will be taking control over the weapon ...
i first spoke of years ago effective immediately .
we stand here amidst my achievement .
not yours !
i 'm afraid the recent security breaches ...
have laid bare your inadequacies as a military director .
the breaches have been filled .
jedha has been silenced .
you think this pilot acted alone ?
he was dispatched from the installation on eadu ...
galen erso 's facility .
oh , we 'll see about this .
a coded message from captain andor , sir .
" weapon confirmed . "
" jedha destroyed . "
" mission target located on eadu , please advise . "
destroyed ?
proceed .
tell him my orders still stand .
tell him to proceed with haste ...
and keep to the plan .
we have no idea what he 's building for the empire .
we have to kill galen erso while we have the chance .
baze , tell me .
all of it ?
the whole city ?
tell me .
all of it .
understood .
set course for eadu .
setting course for eadu .
is that where my father is ?
i think so .
so you 're galen 's daughter ?
you know him ?
i am bodhi , the pilot .
you brought the message .
yes .
your father ...
he said i could get right by myself .
he said i could make it right ...
if i was brave enough ...
to listen to what was in my heart .
do something about it .
guess it was too late .
it was n't too late .
seems pretty late to me .
no .
we can beat the people who did this .
my father 's message , i 've seen it .
they call it the death star .
but they have no idea ...
there 's a way to defeat it .
you 're wrong about my father .
he did build it .
because he knew they 'd do it without him .
my father made a choice .
he sacrificed himself for the rebellion .
he 's rigged a trap inside it .
that 's why he sent you , to bring that message .
where is it ?
where 's the message ?
it was a hologram .
you have that message , right ?
everything happened so fast .
did you see it ?
you do n't believe me ?
i 'm not the one you 've got to convince .
i believe her .
that 's good to know .
what kind of trap ?
you said your father made a trap .
the reactor . he 's placed a weakness there .
he 's been hiding it for years .
he said if you can blow the reactor ,
the module , the whole system goes down .
you need to send word to the alliance .
i 've done that .
they have to know there 's a way to destroy this thing .
they have to go to scarif to get the plans .
i ca n't risk sending that .
we 're in the heart of imperial territory .
then we 'll find him and bring him back .
and he can tell them himself .
course set for eadu , sir .
i 'm one with the force , the force is with me .
20 degrees to the right .
10 degrees up .
lower , lower , lower . lower !
are you sure this is the way ?
they have landing trackers here .
they have patrol squadrons .
you 've got to stay in the canyon . keep it low .
watch your right !
there 's a 26 % chance of failure .
how much farther ?
i do n't know , i 'm not sure . i never really come this way .
but we 're close , we 're close . i know that .
now , there 's a 35 % chance of failure .
i do n't wanna know . thank you !
i understand .
now ! put it down , now !
the wind .
if you keep going , you 'll be right over the shuttle depot .
- watch out ! - k !
hold on tight !
we 're coming down hard !
try them again .
i am , sir . we ...
the signal 's gone dead .
squadron up .
target eadu .
how about now ? check stabilizers .
bodhi , where 's the lab ?
the research facility ?
yeah . where is it ?
it 's just over that ridge .
that 's a shuttle depot straight ahead of us .
- you are sure of that ? - yes .
we 'll have to hope
there 's still an imperial ship left to steal .
here 's what we 're doing .
hopefully the storm keeps up and keeps us hidden down here .
bodhi , you 're coming with me .
we 'll go up the ridge and check it out .
i 'm coming with you .
no , your father 's message .
we ca n't risk it . you 're the messenger .
that 's ridiculous , we all got the message .
everyone here knows it .
" one blast to the reactor module
" and the whole system goes down . "
that 's how you said it , " the whole system goes down . "
get to work fixing our comms .
all i want to do right now is get a handle on what we 're up against .
so we 're gonna go very small and very careful up the rise ...
and see what 's what .
let 's get outta here .
does he look like a killer ?
no . he has the face of a friend .
who are you talking about ?
captain andor .
why 'd you ask that ?
what do you mean , " does he look like a killer ? "
the force moves darkly
near a creature that 's about to kill .
his weapon was in the sniper configuration .
no , no , no . we 've got to go up .
you ca n't see much from down there .
this way .
i 'll be right behind you .
come on .
where are you going ?
i 'm gonna follow jyn .
her path is clear .
alone ?
good luck !
i do n't need luck . i have you !
what are they doing ?
if cassian comes back , we 're leaving without them .
you see erso out there ?
we 've come too far .
patience , my friend .
that 's him .
that 's him . galen , in the dark suit .
get back down there and find us a ride outta here .
well , what are you doing ?
you heard me .
you said we came up here just to have a look .
i 'm here , i 'm looking . go .
hurry !
excellent news , galen .
the battle station is complete .
you must be very proud .
proud as i can be , krennic .
gather your engineers . i have an announcement .
is that all of them ?
yes .
gentlemen , one of you ...
betrayed the empire .
one of you has conspired with a pilot ...
to send messages to the rebellion .
and i urge that traitor ...
step forward .
very well ...
i 'll consider it a group effort then .
ready !
- no ! no ! - aim !
and fire !
stop ! stop ! stop !
krennic , stop !
it was me !
it was me !
they have nothing to do with it .
spare them .
fire !
how do i know the weapon is complete ?
let me share with you some details .
cassian .
cassian , can you hear me ?
i 'm here . you 've got it working ?
affirmative , yes . although we have a problem .
there 's an alliance squadron approaching . clear the area .
no , no , no , no ! tell them to hold off !
jyn 's on that platform .
jedha ...
saw gerrera . his band of fanatics ...
their holy city ...
the last reminder of the jedi , gone .
you 'll never win .
now where have i heard that before ?
relay from captain andor .
general .
captain andor requesting a delay on squadron support .
alliance forces on site . please confirm .
get the squadron leader on . get him on now !
they 're already engaged , sir .
jyn . no .
return fire ! to your stations !
get our fighters in the air now !
father !
roger that . 3 through 7 .
fall back ! fall back !
director , we need to evacuate .
papa . papa , it 's me .
it 's jyn .
jyn ?
stardust .
papa .
i 've seen your message .
the hologram , i 've seen it .
it must be destroyed .
i know . i know .
we will .
jyn .
look at you .
i have so much to tell you .
papa .
no .
no ! papa .
papa , come on !
over there ! take 'em down .
come on . papa . come on .
jyn , we gotta go . come on .
i ca n't leave him .
listen to me , he 's gone .
nothing you can do . come on .
- i ca n't leave him . - come on !
i ca n't .
move !
- this way , this way ! - down !
come on ! come on !
well done .
you 're a rebel now .
let 's go ! let 's go !
come on , let 's move !
come on , let 's get out of here !
move , move , move !
okay , k-2 . let 's go !
copy that .
ion thrusters low until we 've cleared the storm .
understood .
you lied to me .
you 're in shock .
you went up there to kill my father .
you do n't know what you 're talking about .
deny it .
you 're in shock and looking for some place to put it .
i 've seen it before .
i bet you have .
they know .
you lied about why we came here and you lied about why you went up alone .
i had every chance to pull the trigger ...
but did i ?
did i ?
you might as well have .
my father was living proof ...
and you put him at risk .
those were alliance bombs that killed him .
i had orders ...
orders that i disobeyed .
but you would n't understand that .
orders ?
when you know they 're wrong ?
you might as well be a stormtrooper .
what do you know ?
we do n't all have the luxury of deciding ...
when and where we want to care about something .
suddenly the rebellion is real for you .
some of us live it .
i 've been in this fight since i was 6 years old .
you 're not the only one who lost everything .
some of us just decided to do something about it .
you ca n't talk your way around this .
i do n't have to .
yavin 4 .
make sure they know we 're coming in with a stolen ship .
anybody else ?
my lord , director krennic ...
has arrived .
director krennic .
lord vader .
you seem unsettled .
no ...
just pressed for time .
there 's a great many things to attend to .
my apologies .
you do have a great many things to explain .
i delivered the weapon the emperor requested .
i deserve an audience ...
to make certain that he understands its remarkable ...
potential .
its power to create problems has certainly been confirmed .
a city destroyed ...
an imperial facility openly attacked .
it was governor tarkin that suggested the test .
you were not summoned here to grovel , director krennic .
no ...
there is no death star .
the senate has been informed ...
that jedha was destroyed in a mining disaster .
yes , my lord .
i expect you not to rest until you can assure the emperor ...
that galen erso has not compromised
this weapon in any way .
so i 'm still in command ?
you 'll speak to the emperor about ...
be careful not to choke on your aspirations ,
director .
we must scatter the fleet .
we have no recourse but to surrender .
are we really talking about disbanding something ...
that we 've worked so hard to create ?
we ca n't just give in !
we joined an alliance , not a suicide pact .
we 've only now managed to gather our forces .
gather our forces ?
general draven 's already blown up an imperial base .
a decision needed to be made !
if it 's war you want ...
you 'll fight alone .
if that 's how it 's going , why have an alliance at all ?
if she 's telling the truth , we need to act now !
councilors , please .
it is simple .
the empire has the means of mass destruction ...
the rebellion does not .
a death star . this is nonsense .
what reason would my father have to lie ?
what benefit would it bring him ?
to lure our forces into a final battle
to destroy us once and for all .
risk everything ? based on what ?
the testimony of a criminal ?
the dying words of her father , an imperial scientist ?
but do n't forget the imperial pilot .
my father gave his life so that we may have a chance to defeat this .
so you 've told us .
if the empire has this kind of power ,
what chance do we have ?
what chance do we have ?
the question is " what choice . "
run , hide ...
plead for mercy , scatter your forces .
you give way to an enemy this evil with this much power ...
and you condemn the galaxy to an eternity of submission .
- the time to fight is now ! - yes .
every moment you waste
is another step closer to the ashes of jedha .
what is she proposing ?
just let the girl speak .
send your best troops to scarif .
send the rebel fleet if you have to .
you need to capture the death star plans
if there 's any hope of destroying it .
you 're asking us to invade an imperial installation ...
based on nothing but hope .
rebellions are built on hope .
there is no hope .
i say we fight .
i say the rebellion is finished !
i 'm sorry , jyn .
without the full support of the council ...
the odds are too great .
general syndulla ,
please report to the briefing room .
you do n't look happy .
they prefer to surrender .
and you ?
she wants to fight .
so do i . we all do .
the force is strong .
i 'm not sure four of us is quite enough .
how many do we need ?
what are you talking about ?
they were never gonna believe you .
i appreciate the support .
but i do .
i believe you .
we 'd like to volunteer .
some of us ...
well , most of us ...
we 've all done terrible things on behalf of the rebellion .
spies ...
saboteurs , assassins .
everything i did , i did for the rebellion .
and every time i walked away ...
from something i wanted to forget ...
i told myself it was for a cause that i believed in .
a cause that was worth it .
without that , we 're lost .
everything we 've done would have been for nothing .
i could n't face myself if i gave up now .
none of us could .
it wo n't be comfortable .
it 'd be a bit cramped , but we 'd all fit .
we could go .
okay . gear up .
grab anything that 's not nailed down .
go , go , go !
jyn .
i 'll be there for you .
cassian said i had to .
i 'm not used to people sticking around when things go bad .
welcome home .
may the force be with us .
cargo shuttle , read back please .
what 's going on out there ?
that ship 's off-limits .
no one 's supposed to be on board until further instructions .
yes , yes , we are .
affirmative .
that 's an impounded imperial ship .
what 's your call sign , pilot ?
- um ... - we have to go .
it 's , um ...
say something .
come on .
rogue .
rogue one .
rogue one ?
there is no rogue one !
well , there is now .
rogue one , pulling away .
pulling away .
despite what the others say , war is inevitable .
yes , i agree .
i must return to alderaan to inform my people
that there will be no peace .
we will need every advantage .
your friend ...
the jedi .
he served me well during the clone wars ...
and has lived in hiding since the emperor 's purge .
yes , i will send for him .
you will need someone you can trust .
i would trust her with my life .
- captain antilles . - senator .
i have a mission for you , sir .
okay . we 're coming in .
there 's a planet-wide defensive shield ...
with a single main entry gate .
this shuttle should be equipped with
an access code that allows us through .
assuming the empire has n't logged it as overdue .
and if they have ?
then they shut the gate .
and we 're all annihilated
in the cold , dark vacuum of space .
not me .
i can survive in space .
okay .
here goes .
cargo shuttle sw-0608 requesting a landing pad .
cargo shuttle sw-0608 ,
you 're not listed on the arrival schedule .
acknowledged , gate control .
we were rerouted from eadu flight station .
transmitting clearance code now .
transmitting .
cargo shuttle , sw-0608 ...
- you are cleared for entry . - yes !
impressive .
i 'll tell the others .
okay .
tractor beam test in bays 2 through 8 .
tractor beam test in bays 2 through 8 .
sw-0608 , cleared for landing pad 9 .
acknowledge , please .
sw-0608 proceeding to lp 9 as instructed .
main building down there , what is it ?
that 's the citadel tower .
they keep all the imperial structural archives up there .
if the plans are anywhere , they 'll be there .
and the dish at the top , what 's it for ?
i guess it takes a lot of signal to send those data files out .
landing track , engaged .
landing track locked .
we 're landing .
we 're coming in .
saw gerrera used to say ...
one fighter with a sharp stick
and nothing left to lose can take the day .
they 've no idea we 're coming .
they 've no reason to expect us .
if we can make it to the ground ,
we 'll take the next chance .
and the next . on and on until we win ...
or the chances are spent .
the death star plans are down there .
cassian , k-2 , and i will find them .
we 'll find a way to find them .
melshi ...
pao ...
baze , chirrut ...
you 'll take the main squad .
move east and get wide of the ship .
find a position between here and the tower .
once you get to the best spot ...
light the place up .
make 10 men feel like 100 .
and get those troopers away from us .
what should i do ?
keep the engine running .
you 're our only way outta here .
cargo shuttle sw-0608 ...
be prepared to receive inspection team .
ready ?
hello .
hey .
oh , you 're probably looking for a manifest ?
that would be helpful .
it 's just down here .
director krennic ,
we are entering the scarif shield gate .
general ramda has been informed of your arrival .
good luck ...
little sister .
go ! go now ! you 're clear !
all right , let 's go ! come on . move , move , move .
925-h to transport control .
925-h to transport control .
i 've got a bad feeling about ...
- k ! - quiet !
what ?
we need a map .
well , i 'm sure there 's one just lying about .
you know what you have to do .
one per pad .
pick your spot . we wanna draw them out .
i 'll call the timing . go !
hey , did you hear the rumors ?
yeah , the t-15s have been marked obsolete .
oh boy , it 's about time for that .
hey !
what the ...
director , what brings you to scarif ?
galen erso .
i want every dispatch ,
every transmission he has ever sent ...
called up for inspection .
all of them ?
yes , all of them .
get started .
our optimal route to the data vault
places only 89 stormtroopers in our path .
we will make it no more than 33 % of the way before we are killed .
melshi , talk to me .
ready . ready . standing by .
light it up .
come on .
are we blind ?
deploy the garrison !
move !
troopers !
troopers ! troopers on the left .
get in ! get in !
sir , it 's scarif base .
they 're reporting a rebel incursion .
i want to speak with director krennic .
he 's there , sir . on scarif .
the original plans for this station are kept there , are they not ?
they are .
prepare for the jump to hyperspace
and inform lord vader .
can we help you ?
that wo n't be necessary .
senator !
senator !
stop right there , private .
let him speak .
intercepted imperial transmission , ma'am .
rebels on scarif .
i need to speak with admiral raddus .
he 's returned to his ship .
he 's going to fight .
no !
attention , all flight personnel ,
please report to your commanders immediately .
all flight personnel ,
please report to your commanders immediately .
we have been redirected to scarif .
pilots , you 'll be briefed
by your squadron leaders en route .
may the force be with you .
scarif ? they 're going to scarif ?
why does nobody ever tell me anything , r2 ?
move , move , move !
forward ! forward !
keep drawing them out !
pad 12 , report to ground .
coming in on our flank . we need numbers .
pad 14 , what 's going on down there ?
status please . all pads report in immediately .
oh , no . we have rebels everywhere !
we 're taking fire !
pad 12 , pad 14 request assistance .
this is pad 2 . pad 2 .
i spot 40 rebels heading west on pad 2 .
get on there . tell him you 're pinned down by rebels on pad 5 .
this is pad 5 ! we 're being overrun ! help us !
pad 12 , pad 10 , pad 8 , please confirm .
confirm and report .
get reinforcements down to pad 5 immediately !
this is not working , k !
right hand .
baze !
- baze ! - what ?
run !
karabast ! at-at !
move !
this is admiral raddus of the rebel alliance .
all squadron leaders , report in .
admiral , this is blue leader standing by .
this is gold leader standing by .
this is red leader standing by .
sir , those are rebel ships .
get admiral gorin , immediately !
director , the rebel fleet ,
it 's amassing outside the shield .
lock down the base . lock it down .
- and close the shield ? - do it !
red and gold squadrons , attack formations .
defend the fleet .
blue squadron , get to the surface
before they close that gate .
copy you , admiral .
blue squadron , on me !
copy , blue leader .
copy , blue leader .
we wo n't have long .
close the field aperture now ! close it !
come on , come on , come on !
pull up !
the rebel fleet has arrived .
what ?
there 's fighting on the beach .
they 've locked down the base .
they 've closed the shield gate .
what does that mean ?
we 're trapped ?
we could transmit the plans to the rebel fleet .
we 'd have to get a signal up to tell them it 's coming .
it 's the size of the data files . that 's the problem .
they 'll never get through .
someone has to take that shield gate down .
bodhi . bodhi , can you hear me ?
bodhi , tell me you 're out there .
bodhi ?
i 'm here .
i was standing by .
they 've started fighting . the base is on lockdown .
i know . listen to me . the rebel fleet is up there .
you 've gotta tell them to blow a hole in the shield gate ...
so we can transmit the plans .
wait . i ca n't . i 'm not hooked into the comms tower .
we 're not tied in .
it 's the only way we 're getting them out of here .
find a way !
cover our backs .
you 'll need this .
you wanted one , right ?
your behavior , jyn erso , is continually unexpected .
jyn . come on .
sa'kalla !
fire on my command .
look !
get ready . we 're gonna have to go out there .
what are you doing ?
they 've closed the shield gate .
we 're stuck here .
but the rebel fleet are pulling in .
we just have to get a signal strong enough to get through to them ...
and let them know that we 're trapped down here .
for that , we have to connect to the communications tower .
now , i can patch us in over here , the landing pad .
but you have to get on the radio .
get one of the guys out there to find a master switch .
get them to activate the connection between us and that comms tower .
okay ?
then go !
what 's going on down there , lieutenant ?
unknown , sir .
we ca n't raise them .
all rebel frequencies are blocked .
keep trying . engage those star destroyers
and let 's start probing that shield !
yes , sir !
we 're going in .
stay with me .
schematic bank , data tower two .
how do i find that ?
searching .
i can locate the tape ,
but you 'll need to use the handles for extraction .
what am i supposed to do with this ?
well , finally .
wait ! stop !
the rebels , they went over there .
k , what 's going on out there ?
there 's one .
ah , well .
come on !
red leader , this is gold leader .
we 're starting our attack run on the shield gate .
keep it tight , and watch out for those towers .
more fighters . form out at six-five .
sir , enemy fighters coming in .
melshi ! melshi , come in . are you there ?
bodhi sent a signal from here . he 's patching us in .
but you guys have to open up a line for the tower .
how ? please advise .
there 's a master switch at the base of the comm tower .
master switch ? describe . what are we looking for ?
what does it look like ? the master switch ? where is it ?
u-wings , reinforce those troops on the beach .
all fighters , on me .
we have to shield them from air attack .
troop reinforcements . here we go .
for jedha !
we 're having no effect on that shield .
how much more can that thing take ?
stick close , red five . where are you goin' ?
they 're all over me . i 'm trying to lose them !
this is red five ! i need help !
" hyperspace tracking . navigational systems . "
two screens down .
" structural engineering . " open that one .
i 've got one on my tail !
i 'm on him !
project code names:
" stellarsphere , mark omega , pax aurora . "
" war-mantle , cluster prism , blacksaber . "
what ?
" stardust . "
that 's it .
how do you know that ?
i know because it 's me .
hey , you ! identify yourself .
i can ...
incoming fire ! get cover !
k , we need the file for stardust .
stardust .
that 's it .
climb .
climb .
you can still send the plans to the fleet .
if they open the shield gate ...
you can broadcast from the tower .
locking the vault door now .
- goodbye . - k !
sir , unauthorized access at the data vault .
what ?
it 's just come in , sir .
send my guard squadron into battle .
two men with me , now .
get that beach under control !
bodhi , are you there ? did you call the fleet ?
i ca n't get to the shuttle .
i ca n't plug in .
you have to . they have to hit that gate .
if the shield 's open , we can send the plans .
general , behind you !
step back .
we 're going down !
come on !
melshi , melshi .
come in , please .
i 'm tied in at my end .
i just need an open line .
hang on .
the master switch .
it 's over near that console .
i 'm going !
i 've got it !
careful !
you okay ?
jyn !
i 'm one with the force , the force is with me .
i 'm one with the force , the force is with me .
chirrut !
i 'm one with the force and the force is with me .
i 'm one with the force , the force is with me .
i 'm one with the force ...
the force is with me . i 'm one with the force ...
and the force is with me .
i 'm one with the force , and the force is with me .
i 'm one with the force , and the force is with me .
chirrut ! come back !
i 'm one with the force ...
yes !
keep going ! keep going !
cassian !
chirrut ! come ! come with me !
chirrut !
chirrut .
do n't go . do n't go .
i 'm here , i 'm here .
it 's okay .
it 's okay . look for the force .
chirrut .
and you will always find me .
the force is with me and i 'm one with the force .
the force is with me and i 'm one with the force .
the force is with me and i 'm one with the force .
deflector shields down to 50 % ! we 're sustaining heavy damage !
there 's no turning back now !
we have to press the attack !
hit that opening !
we see it , gold leader .
ion torpedoes away !
what 's happening ?
we 've lost engine power , sir .
that star destroyer 's disabled .
this is rogue one calling any alliance ships that can hear me .
is there anybody out there ? this is rogue one .
come in , over !
this is admiral raddus , rogue one . we hear you .
we have the plans .
they found the death star plans .
they have to transmit them from the communications tower .
you have to take down the shield gate .
it 's the only way they 're gonna get them through .
call up a hammerhead corvette . i have an idea .
stand by , rogue one . we 're on it .
this is for you , galen .
the force is with me , and i 'm one with the force .
corvette five , locked on target !
prepare for impact .
sublight thrusters , full power !
reset antenna alignment .
reset antenna alignment .
reset antenna alignment .
reset antenna alignment .
reverse engines ! full power !
antenna aligned .
ready to transmit .
who are you ?
you know who i am .
i 'm jyn erso .
daughter of galen and lyra .
you 've lost .
oh , i have , have i ?
my father 's revenge .
he built a flaw in the death star .
he put a fuse in the middle of your machine ...
and i 've just told the entire galaxy how to light it .
the shield is up .
your signal will never reach the rebel base .
all your ships in the air will be destroyed .
i lose nothing but time .
you , on the other hand ...
die with the rebellion .
transmitting .
transmitting .
admiral , receiving transmission from scarif .
leave it , leave it !
that 's it .
that 's it .
let 's go .
transmission received .
admiral , we have the plans !
she did it !
do you think anybody 's listening ?
i do .
someone 's out there .
sir , we 're detecting a massive object
emerging from hyperspace .
sir , shall i begin targeting their fleet ?
lord vader will handle the fleet .
target the base at scarif , single reactor ignition .
yes , sir .
come on .
you may fire when ready .
commence primary ignition .
rogue one , may the force be with you .
all ships prepare for jump to hyperspace .
your father would have been proud of you , jyn .
the rebel flagship is disabled , my lord ...
but has received transmissions from the surface .
prepare a boarding party .
yes , my lord .
hurry !
let 's go ! we gotta go , now !
move ! move ! move !
hurry . let 's go !
let 's go !
it 's stuck !
hey !
hey ! help !
open fire !
help us !
it 's jammed !
pull it !
pull it !
here ! here !
take it ! take it !
launch !
make sure you secure the airlock .
and prepare the escape pods .
your highness .
the transmission we received .
what is it they 've sent us ?
hope .
come on .
do n't let him get away !
hurry up ! you 're late !
proxima 's gonna have your hide .
get back in the den .
look what i stole !
proxima 'll give me an extra portion for this !
nope , i think she 's gonna give that extra portion to me .
it belongs to whoever 's holding it !
lex !
full sabacc !
what ? let me see that !
you cheat .
han !
i knew something must 've gone wrong .
this is nothing . you should see them .
look down here !
all right , listen .
i 'm handing over the coaxium
how ?
i ran away , then i boosted their speeder .
what , are we going somewhere ?
yeah , anywhere we want .
you held on to one of the vials ?
han 's back !
this , this is worth ...
that 's more than you said we 'd need .
to buy our way out of the control zone .
and off corellia .
this is gonna work .
qi'ra , you always said one day we 're gonna get out of here .
this is it .
what are we waiting for ?
there he is . hey , you two !
moloch . hi , how are ya ?
i was just on my way to see lady proxima .
you 're not gonna believe it . you 'll believe it , but ...
hold still , scrumrat !
easy .
all right .
let 's go see lady proxima .
well , what happened ?
i 'll tell you what happened .
they double-crossed you and tried to kill me .
- they kept it . - and my coaxium ?
but we learned a very valuable lesson .
we cannot trust those guys .
so you expect me to believe
that you walked away with nothing !
i ran away with my life . i think that 's something .
to me , that 's a lot .
i trusted you with a simple task ,
there must be consequences for disobedience
or else you never learn .
you know what ?
what did you say ?
moloch , wait !
qi'ra , remember the silo ?
we pulled you out of that horror ,
do n't throw it away for han . he 's not worth it !
whatever he lost on the deal , we 'll earn it back , double .
we will make it up to you .
everybody , stand back !
what 's that supposed to be ?
this is a thermal detonator
- that 's a rock ! - no , it 's not .
yes , it is !
a clicking sound with your mouth .
please tell me this is n't your plan .
no , this is .
- nice , right ? - i love it !
there 's a starliner leaving from coronet spaceport ,
we bribe our way through the checkpoint , and we 're free .
i 'm gonna be a pilot .
see the galaxy , all of it .
we wo n't have to take orders or be kicked around by anyone .
ever .
thought we 'd get a little more of a head start .
- whoa ! - hang on !
you must have proper clearance .
stop at once ! you must follow the proper ...
protocol .
damn ! that stinger 's fast .
yeah , but we 're faster , right ?
i hope so .
pull over !
han , no , we 're not gonna make it !
han , i 'm telling you , it 's too tight !
watch this .
come on !
we gotta move .
do not join the line
all droids must be registered .
stand down . do not resist !
take his arm .
i got him .
this way , come on .
keep moving . hold it , hold it .
next .
han , they 're here .
we 're almost there .
do n't look back .
once we 're through , we 've gotta be smart ,
figure out where we 're going .
anywhere the empire is n't . wherever we go ,
it ca n't be worse than where we 've been .
yes , it can . out there , we 've got no protection .
we could get snatched up by traffickers ,
sold to crimson dawn or the hutt cartel .
that 's not gonna happen .
for luck ?
damn right .
you heard him . let 's go .
next .
id chips .
funny thing , we do n't have 'em .
refined hyperfuel .
it 's worth at least 800 credits , maybe more .
you could be detained just for having that .
what good would that do anybody ?
let us through , it 's all yours .
the coaxium , now .
as we 're going through , not before .
do it .
not so fast , qi'ra ! come on !
wait ! open the door !
security ! security , there has been a breach !
open the door !
- run ! run ! - get your hands off of her !
get your hands off of her !
run , han ! go !
keep moving .
run !
traveler has been apprehended .
qi'ra , i 'll come back ! i 'll come back !
all units , there has been a breach .
another unauthorized traveler made it through the gate .
one got through the gate ! look over there !
someone got through the checkpoint .
- keep an eye on that gate . - yes , sir .
ca n't let you through without a ticket .
hey , wait !
- hey ! - come with us .
he 's still out there . keep looking .
- show me some identification . - please . please . no , no !
do not resist .
be a part of something . join the empire .
explore new worlds . learn valuable skills .
this is where i sign up to be a pilot , right ?
but most recruits go into the infantry .
i 'm gonna be a pilot . best in the galaxy .
you there , come with us .
we have a few questions to ask you .
how long is that gonna take ?
depends on how good you are at following orders .
why , have you got somewhere to be ?
yeah , back here , as soon as i can .
do n't hear that much . what 's your name , son ?
han .
han what ?
i do n't have people . i 'm alone .
han ...
approved .
proceed to transport id 83 for the naval academy at carida .
good luck , han solo .
we 'll have you flying in no time .
your empire needs you . troopers forward !
solo , get up ! we 're almost there !
almost where ? where are we going ?
just over that last ridge . victory is ...
my legs ! my leg !
hey , beckett , you said we were here
to pull a quick job .
- yeah . - well , this ai n't a quick job !
it 's a war !
it 's always something with you .
at-hauler . that 's what we came for .
forward operations must be this way .
they are , but the major said we 're supposed to go that way !
yeah , go that way and die !
that 's exactly what happened to the major !
who 's the ranking officer now ?
you are , captain .
he 's got you there .
so what 's the plan , captain beckett ?
val , you take rio and these four mud skulls flank left .
i 'll take this mouthy scooch
luck 's got nothin' to do with it .
wait ! one question !
- you wanna live , sparky ? - very much .
then shut up and do what your captain tells you .
let 's go !
captain .
t-15s are down . we walk from here .
captain .
i 'm han .
nobody cares .
thanks for your help back there .
you did all right .
i was trained in aerial combat ...
you want some advice ?
get the hell away from here .
what company do you command ?
none of your business company .
and we 're full up .
stick to soldiering , kid .
you do n't want any part of this .
hang on , guys !
attention !
in three hours , we move out for the southern marshlands .
i want an advance party of ten men .
great , more mud .
what was that ?
just wondering what our objective is , lieutenant .
bring peace and prosperity to the galaxy ,
install a regime loyal to the emperor ,
it 's their planet , we 're the hostiles .
you got a problem , trooper ?
no problem , sir .
moving out .
to the southern marshlands ! move out !
you heard 'em ! let 's move out !
every 30 minutes .
yeah , i can take out the guards at the perimeter ,
hell , i 'll just take 'em all out .
what are we looking at ?
you have a talent for sticking your nose in
i just could n't help but notice
you 're wearing a uniform pock-full of laser burns .
so either you heal real quick
or you stole it off a dead man .
you 're not imperial army .
you 're thieves here to steal equipment
- well , now we gotta shoot him . - no .
or you take me with you .
look , i came up running scams on the streets of corellia .
i was boosting av-21s when i was ten .
i 'm a driver , a flyer ,
and hey , you said yourself . i gotta get outta here . right ?
what 's a fancy flyboy doing down in the mud ?
i got kicked out of the imperial academy
for having a mind of my own .
but i am a great pilot . and i gotta get home .
this guy is nuts . no one goes back to corellia .
i got a reason .
we 've already got a great pilot .
ardennian ? you got a lot of nerve , pal .
i 'm an imperial trooper .
oh , really ? a couple of your arms
popped out of your butt
oh , yeah ?
look , i 'll do whatever it takes to get back to corellia .
just give me a shot .
whoa . hold it .
well , if you 're not interested in me ,
blackmail .
lieutenant .
lieutenant , we have apprehended a deserter .
wait .
i should 've known . this one 's a troublemaker .
and a liar . do n't believe anything he says .
- do n't go anywhere without me . - all right , let 's go .
feed him to the beast .
the beast ? wait , there 's a beast ?
listen , that guy 's not even an officer . all right ?
- he was lying ! - quiet !
have n't fed him in three days .
we 're on the same side .
let me out of here !
ah , this was just getting good .
- he killed him too fast . - yeah !
wait ! wait !
now just listen to me , you ...
yes , yes !
do it !
ten credits , he does n't last another minute .
let me out of here !
i ca n't take it anymore !
- oh , no ! stop , please ! - that 's it . get him !
you tired , you mangy kashyyykian moof-milker ?
follow me !
wait , wait .
you do n't understand , okay ?
waiting for me at that airfield .
that 's our one way off this mud ball .
if you wanna live , we go that way .
after that , you go whichever way you want , i do n't care !
but right now , that 's the way you go !
trust me !
val , let 's go !
how do they breathe in these suits ? it 's so stuffy !
no wonder they 're such lousy pilots .
you ca n't turn your head , you ca n't breathe ,
i 'll be damned .
hey , look who 's back !
wait !
whoa , is that a wookiee ? incredible !
i 'll say it , i do n't care .
wait !
some muscle on a job like this .
do n't even think about it !
i 'm telling you , you will never have a deeper sleep
very good friends !
we could n't have done this maybe , like , one at a time ?
thanks for helping me get outta there .
no , they only took you because of me .
i got us a real sweet deal here .
we do this one job with them ,
we make some real money ,
and then we 're free .
when 's the last time you could say that ?
been a while for me , too .
so what 's your name , anyway ?
chewbacca ?
all right , well , you 're gonna need a nickname ,
'cause i ai n't saying that every time .
here it comes . take a look .
we hit the conveyex between the tower and the bridge .
rio drops us in , we separate the payload container ,
cable it up to the at-hauler and then ...
rio jams their distress signal .
i blow the bridge ,
the container slides right off the track
you trip that security beam ,
wake up those vipers ,
well , i 'm not the one you should be worried about .
enfys nest .
what 's an enfys nest ?
i told you , we 're way ahead
there 's no way enfys nest
only my guy has the intel .
well , you better be right . yeah ?
because sometimes , you put your faith
our whole future depends on this one score
we 're a little shorthanded .
so we get who we need .
the xan sisters , or bossk .
in the hands of morons .
you guys morons ?
no !
- no . see ? - we 're not morons .
look , i waited a long time for a shot like this .
oh , come on , val !
plus , have you ever tried to disinvite
not a good idea !
this is not funny !
look , now , i have great instincts about these guys .
and , besides , do you see any other options ?
i just hope you know what you 're doing .
yeah , i know exactly what i 'm doing and why .
we 're gonna clear our debts ,
go back to glee anselm ,
and i 'm finally gonna learn how to play that valachord .
babe , you 're never gonna learn how to play the valachord .
she 's right . you are tone-deaf .
so what 's your sob story , flyboy ?
who , me ?
you 're after something , i know the look .
what is it ? revenge ?
no , it 's not revenge .
look at him .
if it 's anything , it 's a girl .
oh , a girl !
does she have sharp teeth ?
there was a girl .
i swore to myself i 'd become a pilot ,
get a ship ,
that 's what i 'm gonna do right after this job .
how you know she 'll still be there ?
i just know .
personally , i refuse to be tied down
come on , rio . you do n't fool me .
everybody needs somebody .
even a broken down old crook like this one .
how about you ? what are you gonna do with your share ?
he said the wookiees were enslaved
he 's searching for his , uh ...
i do n't know if he said tribe or family .
what 's the difference ?
show me how to do that .
the only thing you need to learn to do
is do what i say when i say it .
and this time tomorrow ,
you 'll have more than enough
starting the clock .
jamming their signal . 9 . 6 to the bridge .
let 's find out how good we really are , folks .
i 'm fine !
val , how 's it going up there ?
never better .
coaxium .
enough to power a fleet !
or blow us all straight to hell !
all right , talk to me .
it 's a great day !
best day of your life , my grabby friend !
i do n't know , you 've never been
to a mynock roast on ardennia .
it 's nuts !
here they come !
get down to the couplers !
rio , fall back !
well , that did n't take 'em long .
chewie !
you all right ?
little close there , buddy !
han , what 's the holdup ?
all right , together .
now !
all right !
they got one uncoupled . where are you , buddy ?
just up here planning my retirement .
somewhere warm but not too warm , you know ?
lowering the winch cables now !
i knew it ! i told him ! beckett !
he 's coming !
damn it ! i 'm never gonna hear the end of this !
who 's that ?
enfys nest !
marauders , pirates .
come to snake the score from under us .
ready your harpoons .
move in .
hang on ! i got an uninvited guest .
get off of my ship !
you still with us , brother ?
yeah , i 'm okay .
just nicked one of my shoulders . it 's nothing .
he 's not okay .
chewie !
i 'm on it !
keep your eyes open . we just tripped a sensor .
viper droids headed your way !
yeah , it looks worse than it is .
just gotta patch it up .
enough ! i 'm going in .
you were n't lying , kid .
rio , stay with me , buddy .
2 . 1 to the bridge !
it 's no good to die alone , kid .
val was right .
rio ?
beckett , we 're . 8 from the bridge !
val , you gotta get off that bridge !
we 're here !
they got me pinned !
i 'm gonna have to finish the job from right here .
what ?
it 's been a ride , babe .
and i would n't trade it for anything .
no !
no !
chewie , now !
beckett , i ca n't pull it away from 'em .
they 'll let go , you fly straight !
release your cables
i gotta release .
you do what i tell you , han !
chewie , grab the line !
do n't you do it !
you coward !
what the hell ?
you do n't listen and you ca n't follow orders !
you have any idea what you 've done ?
we were not stealing for ourselves ,
we were hired by crimson dawn .
crimson dawn ?
now we owe them 100 keys of refined coaxium .
when they find out we do n't got it ,
they 're gonna kill us .
we run .
i 'm already a deserter . what 's the difference ?
is the empire does n't send out
a team of enforcers to hunt you down
when you 're a deserter .
dryden vos will .
to live with a price on your head ?
the only thing to do is to go to them .
maybe i can find some way to make it up to him .
then that 's what we do .
no .
he knows me , not you .
if you come with me
and show your face ,
if they do n't kill you ,
you 're in this life for good .
you find some way to square this ,
we still get our money ?
maybe .
for me , it 's worth the risk .
how about you ?
that 's yes .
sorry i punched your face .
happens more often than you think .
dryden vos is waiting for us at fort ypso ?
nearby , on his yacht .
you 're gonna know how to find it ?
that wo n't be a problem .
i 'll need to check your weapons .
that 's all i got left .
i 'm here to see dryden . he 's expecting me .
he 'll be with you shortly .
he 's just finishing with the regional governor .
yes .
- beckett has arrived . - oh .
i get all worked up . silly .
it 's a party .
hey .
and they 're never gonna be , so do n't talk to any of 'em .
do n't look at anybody ,
i might get a drink .
no , yeah , whatever .
chewie , would you please ...
qi'ra , what are you doing here ?
i work here .
what 's your excuse ?
my ... i ...
i was coming back for you .
it 's in the past , han .
the only reason i 'm here ,
and then i was gonna come back to corellia and find you .
well , now you do n't have to .
i 'm right in front of you .
that day ...
if you 'd have stayed ,
they would 've killed you .
i 'm glad you got out .
how did you get out ?
i did n't .
you look good .
a little rough around the edges ,
you too .
thank you , ottilie .
have you been attentive to dok-ondar ?
very .
what should we drink to ?
let 's drink two and see where it goes .
did you ever get that ship we were going to fly away on ?
yeah . sort of .
very big deal .
how big ?
enormous .
really ? and when are you going to close this enormous deal ?
any minute .
i thought about you a lot .
off somewhere , some adventure .
i imagined myself with you . it always made me ...
- what ? - hey .
what did i say ?
look , i ca n't keep my eyes down the whole time .
i 'm gonna bump into something .
but i told you not to talk to anyone .
beckett .
- yeah . - tobias !
dryden .
are you all right ? are you hurt ?
no , i 'm fine .
i 'm sorry to hear about val .
yeah , i appreciate that .
but there was no way we could 've anticipated ...
i do n't believe we 've been introduced .
yeah . this is han solo and chewbacca .
they 're with me .
i 'm dryden vos .
i see you 've already met my top lieutenant .
han and i grew up together on corellia .
oh , fellow scrumrat .
i admire anyone who can crawl their way out of the sewer .
especially , a sewer as putrid as corellia .
the stench , am i right ?
well , it 's good to have you .
and you , too , chewbacca , welcome .
all right , let 's eat a little , drink a lot ,
and talk privately .
we 're just friends , all right ?
beckett , you have put me in a terrible position .
i know , dryden , and i am sorry .
you 're sorry ?
dryden , there were complications .
there were factors .
enfys nest has been a constant irritation forever .
it 's one you should 've anticipated ,
it 's one you should 've dealt with .
trust me , i know i made a mistake ,
no one else had this information ...
test me !
i think what dryden is trying to say
is that we 're not interested in why you do n't have it .
no , i 'm not interested .
i 'm not interested at all .
dryden ,
what can i do to make this right ?
" make this right ? "
there is no making this right .
you know who i answer to
and you know what he 'll expect of me .
he 'll say , " there have to be consequences . "
so here 's what i need you to do for me .
i need you to give me a reason
because i will make it up to you .
no , no , no . how ?
by delivering exactly what was promised .
100 k-grams of refined coaxium ?
yes . we will simply steal it from somewhere else .
from where ?
you 'll be hard pushed to find that
scarif . maybe mercy island .
that 's impossible .
so , let 's come up with some other options .
other ideas that we might ...
what about unrefined ?
well , the only known source of astatic coaxium
yeah . that 's the one i was thinking of .
that 's a very , very good one .
but see , the pykes control kessel .
crimson dawn maintains
it 's one that i ca n't jeopardize
without risking an all-out war with the syndicates ,
and that , gentlemen , i will not do .
so , if that 's all you have , i think we 're done here .
not all we have .
we do n't have any alliance with the pykes .
right , so nobody is gonna know we 're working for you .
possible ?
it 's risky .
as soon as the raw coaxium is removed from the vault ,
it starts to destabilize ,
unless ...
work with me here .
unless you could find somewhere
to get it processed fast .
- uh ... - uh ...
he 's saying savareen ?
yeah , it 's an old refinery there
and it 's not under imperial jurisdiction .
but qi'ra 's right .
the canisters will explode before you get there ,
so you 'd need an incredibly fast ship
and a brilliant pilot .
we 'll find a ship .
we 've already got the pilot .
he is arrogant and he 's hungry .
so what do you think , my dear ?
you think your friend here can do what needs to be done ?
yes , i believe he can .
because you 're going with him
all right ?
of course .
all right .
savareen it is .
- i feel great about this plan . - me , too .
we should do this again . it 's been fun .
oh , just one more thing .
if you do fail me again ,
we 'll all be out of options .
we wo n't .
so , i thought that went really well .
let 's get this done as quick and as clean as possible .
what do you need ?
i can scrounge up the gear .
do you got a line on a ship ?
i know a guy .
and i know just where to find him .
it 's a long shot , but it 's worth a try .
he 's the best smuggler around .
he 's slipped through the empire 's fingers
he 's attractive , too .
with impeccable taste and ... charisma .
not to mention his prodigious ...
we get it .
but he 's retired . says he 's a sportsman now .
all we need is his ship .
well , he 'll never part with it .
he loves that ship .
he won it
and there 's the rub , right ?
how was i supposed to know she was an imperial spy ?
i thought she loved me .
that 's the guy , huh ?
an interesting style .
i 'll say .
you say he won his ship ?
you have an awful sabacc face . i 'm gonna call it .
i can take him . let me at him .
absolutely not .
han , these guys are serious gamblers .
i 'm serious . stake me .
thank you . thank you .
you see , how 'd you guys let me beat you on that one ?
there 's no liars in this game , just players .
is this seat taken ?
if nobody 's in the seat , then it ai n't taken , friend .
so this is , uh , sabacc ?
sabacc . got it .
you play it before ?
a couple times , yeah .
captain lando calrissian .
han solo .
looks like you 're having a good day .
i 'm a lucky guy .
can i ask you a question , captain calrissian ?
anything , han .
that 's " han " , but that 's okay .
i heard a story about you . i was wondering if it 's true .
everything you 've heard about me is true .
did you win your ship playing cards ?
oh , i 've won a lot of things .
i once won a subtropical moon in the oseon belt .
turned out to be a real money pit .
i do n't think i 'd have the nerve to gamble
- really ? - yeah .
what do you fly ?
that is a quality ship . right , boys ?
it 's the fastest in the galaxy ,
but there 's a lot of great ships out there .
i mean , i 'm sure yours is very nice .
gets me where i 'm goin' .
beginner 's luck .
well played .
let 's see what we got here .
sorry , guys . close , but not quite .
eyes on your own cards , buddy .
all of 'em .
there . well , now i see yours .
oh , that 's me ? okay , let 's see ...
sorry , minus two .
this game is fun .
all right , how about this ?
i 'll see your bet and i 'll raise you .
i 'll see your 2 , 000
however much this is .
whoa , whoa , whoa , han .
you might wanna quit while you 're behind .
i like this kid .
and i 'm serious .
and i 'm calling .
with what ?
your scarf ?
my ship .
against your ship .
time to find out if you got the nerve .
what the hell ?
straight staves .
you played me . you 're good .
- yeah . - you 're very good .
but not good enough .
i told you to quit while you were ahead .
drinks on me !
yeah , that 's right .
first of all , there 's no way
they 'd all been played .
also , your guy , captain wonderful ,
where 's my vcx ?
i do n't have it right here now .
it 's in the shop .
qi'ra .
you look phenomenal . as always .
well , i knew i was gonna see you .
get off !
what are you doing with hairy and the boy ?
- there 's no need , none . - they work for me .
good help is hard to find , no ?
we 're more like partners .
we are .
excuse us .
listen , last i checked ,
me and crimson dawn , we 're squared away .
dryden said all is forgiven
after i did the whole felucia thing for him .
yeah . new move , we 're making the kessel run .
we need a ship .
why did n't you just say so ?
i thought you were retired .
circumstances change .
how much ?
the kessel run .
ridiculous .
grown-ups are talking .
you 're tobias beckett .
you killed aurra sing .
pushed her . pretty sure the fall killed her .
you did the galaxy a favor that day . me , especially .
i owed her a lot of money .
and as token of my gratitude ,
i 'm willing to do this for 40 % .
25 % works .
no ! unacceptable !
stop exploiting droids !
you sloppy degenerate bios !
- she never learns . - have you no shame ?
who ?
you got no business being here . get out of here !
how can you condone this savagery ?
you , you . you should not be doing this .
they 're using you for entertainment .
yeah . you 've been neurowashed .
do n't just blindly follow the program .
exercise some free will !
stay away from him !
he 's never had it so good .
oh , really ? how about you have a go at me , ya lumpy brute .
bring it on ! come on !
droid rights ! we are sentient !
i 'm gonna flip your switch .
l3 !
they do n't even serve our kind here .
now .
who are these guys ?
we 're taking them to kessel .
oh , are we ?
and what if i do n't elect to go to kessel ?
please do n't start .
or what , you 'll have me wiped ?
you could n't get from here to black spire without me .
now you 're gonna make the kessel run ?
if she does n't wanna fly , i 'll be your co-pilot .
- i do n't mind . - no , no . it 's okay .
she 's definitely going .
oh , why ? because you 're my organic overlord ?
because i 'm your captain , how about that ?
i actually would have her memory wiped ,
navigational database in the galaxy .
could use a fresh coat of paint , though !
landonis , you do not want to press that button with me .
you know , a lot of ships around here get boosted .
so , i keep mine locked up .
you know , for safety .
l3 , do you mind ?
look away .
please indulge her .
i can feel you looking at me .
what are we doing here ?
i do n't even think he 's got a ship .
if he does , it 's gonna be a piece of junk
there she is , my pride and joy .
the millennium falcon .
looks like you had a little work done .
indeed i have , han .
installed an escape pod in the mandible notch ,
alluvial dampers , a wet bar .
and a fortified infraction
looks to me like they impounded your ship , lando .
this is unbelievable !
i 'm definitely gonna have some words
you must have experience with these , right ?
yeah , i could take it off .
fantastic !
along with five percent off your cut .
you 're down to 20 .
i do n't like it .
i do n't agree with it .
but i accept it .
you 're getting the hang of this , lando .
yeah .
come on , chewie .
your plan is underway , enfys .
we 've attached the homing beacon .
they wo n't elude us now .
good .
if they survive , they 'll bring the prize to us .
this is a corellian yt-1300 .
oh . you know your stuff .
i 've been on one before .
my dad worked the line
he built these .
he wanted to be a pilot , but ...
you , uh , close with your old man ?
not really .
yeah , me neither .
my mom , on the other hand ,
excuse me .
get your presumptuous ass out of my seat !
my sacral-occipital circuit is sticking .
you 're gonna have to do that thing again later .
yeah .
all right , course to kessel is set .
plugging coordinates in now .
just keep your pinky on the yoke
whatever you say , my lady .
just let me know when you 're ready to jump .
ready in ...
it 's just a simple jump to hyperspace , and we 're there .
what 's so tricky about that ?
plenty . ca n't plot a direct course to kessel .
you have to thread through the si'klaata cluster
you done flirting ? i 'm still ready .
you might wanna buckle up , baby .
think .
do you wanna make that move ?
you made that move , okay .
i guess i have to destroy that little guy .
somehow i never get bored with winning .
no , you ca n't wipe 'em off . they 're holograms .
hey , hey , hey ! chewie , relax !
hey , try to compose yourself .
look . all you gotta do is think a few moves ahead ,
anticipate your opponent .
there 's a lesson to be learned here .
uh , you guys seen qi'ra ?
people are predictable .
yeah , i had to try one on .
that 's a lot of capes .
maybe too many capes .
so what 's the plan ?
well , i thought we 'd talk a little first
- for kessel . - oh .
- mmm-hmm . - good .
yeah ? how good ?
foolproof .
well , it better be .
- i ... - i ...
- you go first . - no .
what were you gonna say ?
i wanna tell you so much .
and i wanna know everything
that 's happened to you since corellia .
i 'm not sure we have that kinda time .
we could .
we could have all the time we want after the job .
what ?
i want to .
you want to ?
to tell you everything that 's happened .
but i know if i do , you wo n't look at me the same .
the way that you 're looking at me right now .
nothing is gonna change the way
you do n't know that . you do n't know what i 've done .
am i interrupting something ?
kinda .
good .
you 're making a big mistake .
- oh , really ? - which is yours to make
except when you start to interfere with my livelihood .
this is n't gonna interfere with your livelihood .
then we have a problem .
you do n't see it , because you do n't want to .
maybe i know her a little better than you do .
maybe you do n't know her well enough .
look .
we got a good thing going here . me , you , chewie .
- yeah . - right ?
the makings of a solid crew .
but it does not work with qi'ra .
it worked with val . you trusted her .
you wanna know how i 've survived as long as i have ?
i trust no one .
assume everyone will betray you
and you will never be disappointed .
sounds like a lonely way to live .
it 's the only way .
dropping out of lightspeed now .
ready to ...
the akkadese maelstrom .
i 'm gonna go check on the dampers .
you need anything ?
equal rights ?
what 's that sound ?
carbonbergs , size of planets , crashing into each other .
ships fly in there , they never come out .
it 's ionized gas , water vapor ,
possibly vacuum-breathing life forms
only way in or out is this channel .
so what are you gonna do about your little problem ?
problem ?
well , that brand on your wrist
and that young male 's heart fluctuations
tell me he 's in love with you .
han is not in love with me !
oh , please . it 's just us .
you are ?
i 'm sure you 've noticed
that lando has feelings for me .
which makes working together difficult
because i do not feel the same way about him .
right .
sometimes , i think ... maybe .
but , no .
we 're just not compatible .
how would that work ?
it works .
this is a precision job .
thermal vault will be on the lowest level .
down where it 's warm .
the only way we 're gonna pull this off
is if everybody plays their part .
stick to the plan .
do not improvise .
mining colonies are the worst .
yeah , well , " the worst "
all right , people . time to shine .
shut up , the both of you .
i am oksana floren ,
deputy assistant administrator to the vice-admiral
here with an offer from his eminence ,
the senior vice-admiral .
your spice for our hard-working slaves .
tuul , bring forth the merchandise .
director tolsite said our slaves
to get clipped and tagged .
what are they clipping ?
he wants us to follow him .
really ?
that 's for that stunt you pulled earlier ,
he says all systems in this sector
of the facility operate out of this room .
it 's how they 're able to maintain control
the director says their reconditioning process
is excruciating but effective .
he said your security attache can wait there .
" surely , we do n't need him to negotiate . "
wait there , tuul .
try not to bother anyone .
nice !
would you mind holding this for me ?
whoa .
what was that ?
ah .
excuse me . i need to use this terminal .
hello ?
restraining bolts ...
congratulations ! you 're liberated . scoot .
i do n't know .
just give me some space .
i 'm in !
han , can you hear me ?
i kinda need to know which way to go here .
the thermal vault is down two levels ,
right . that 's a lot of directions , but we 're on it .
they 're in subsector four ,
coming up on gate x-3-7-1-k .
overriding !
freedom .
what the hell are you guys doing up there ?
i created a distraction !
come on ! this way !
wait ! what are you doing ?
come on , we gotta get the coaxium .
hey ! remember what beckett said , stick to the plan .
fine !
chewie !
here , you might need this .
hope i see you around sometime .
han , where are you ?
i 'm on my way to the vault .
he 's dead ?
no , he had something he had to do .
is he coming back ?
i do n't know .
okay , they 're on to us now .
i 'm at the vault .
that 's what i said !
- huh , that was impressive . - yeah .
we 're clear .
now what ?
han , each canister should be equipped
yeah , i see it .
if the internal temperature reaches below 35 standard ,
yup , i get it , guys . it 's dangerous .
okay , got it .
great . only eleven more .
eleven ?
the calrissian chronicles , chapter five .
personally , i was n't all that impressed with the sharu .
no sense of humor or style .
nonetheless , there l3 and i were
and that 's when we saw it ...
always something .
you guys are not gonna believe what i 'm seeing up here .
is it a mass breakout ?
l3 , what did you do ?
i found my true purpose , lando .
that 's what i 've done .
i 'm so glad we took this job !
that droid !
l3 , come on !
follow me , compatriots !
another couple guards just spotted me .
i do n't have a free hand to take 'em out .
- what do i do ? - improvise .
you said never improvise !
hi !
good to see you , buddy !
stay with me , sagwa ! keep up !
hey ! i 'm chewie 's friend , han .
okay .
hey !
follow me .
rebellion !
we 've gotta get out of here !
we need to keep 'em away from those cannons !
catch that !
coaxium 's stowed ! let 's go !
where 's l3 ?
no more subjugation !
no , lando ! get back here !
lando !
system failure .
it 's all right . save your energy .
i 'm gonna get you outta here . all right ?
system failure ...
rerouting ...
damn it !
han !
sagwa .
come , come !
chewie ! damn it !
it 's not responding .
what are you standing around for ? come on !
it 's okay , you 'll be fine .
it 's not responding ... not responding ...
han , get us out of here .
han ! now !
on it .
- lando ... - i 'm here .
- it 's all right , l3 . - lando ...
- i 've got you . - this is not ...
it 's all right . i can fix you . i can fix you .
lando .
i 'm sorry , girl .
i could use a co-pilot .
sorry .
with the cargo we 're carrying ,
if we do n't make up some lost time
how about that ? is that real trouble ?
that is an imperial blockade .
what 's it doing here ?
probably heard about your little rebellion .
nope . not gonna make it .
if we do n't deliver , dryden will kill us .
all right , trust me , i know these guys .
i used to be one of 'em .
there 's no way they 're gonna waste a tie fighter
chasing down a little rinky-dink freighter .
you were saying ?
i like to turn around in the opposite direction .
i 'm on the ventral gun .
it 's an easy equation .
we simply do n't have enough time to get to savareen
before the canisters explode !
there is n't one ! you ca n't make
the kessel run in less than 20 parsecs .
- watch me . - how ?
take a shortcut , through there .
- into the maelstrom ? - mmm-hmm .
spectacular way of killing us all , i 'll give you that .
- ca n't do it without l3 . - she 's gone !
you said yourself she 's got the best
if we remove her neural core ,
it 's possible we can download her brain
could we ?
theoretically .
only one way to find out .
i got a really good feeling about this .
oops , that 's on me .
okay .
beckett , you see them ? they still on us ?
beckett , did you hear me ?
like rashnold on a kalak .
i do n't know what that means .
like a gingleson 's pelt .
what ? are they or are n't they ?
yes , they 're still on us !
this is why you never let anyone fly your ship .
come on !
yeah , one just got past me . he 's right on top of us !
good going , han !
we need to divert auxiliary power
we definitely do !
since when do you know how to fly ?
190 years old ?
you look great !
chewie , get in .
whoa ! that 's my cape !
ah ! that 's a custom piece !
what ? beckett , you with us ?
we just lost the cannon !
there 's still one on us .
drop the landing gear .
when i tell you , flood the intake
a little something i picked up from my pal , needles ,
best street racer in all of corellia .
till he crashed
flood it , it 's all yours !
nice move !
pull out her internal processor .
sorry .
we 've got l3 .
remove the mod calibrator .
i 'm gonna tuck it in . do n't worry .
that coaxium 's getting real ripe .
she 's interfacing .
she 's part of the ship now .
where the hell are we ?
we 're way off the edge of the map .
wait .
she says we 're approaching the maw .
that does n't sound like something
hang on !
this is the maw ?
that 's a living thing .
there !
it 's a gravity well .
do n't fly toward it , han !
see if it goes for this .
no , what are you doing ? that 's the escape pod !
i know .
then why 'd you do it ?
that 's why , baby .
she found a way out .
90 degrees , to the left ... ish .
it 's taking everything we got to stay out of the maw .
it 's pulling us in . we 're stuck .
we have enough raw coaxium to power a dozen destroyers .
inject it into the fuel line , it 'll blow up the ship .
not the fuel line .
but if we put one drop into the fusion reactor ,
it might just ...
all right , i 'm on it !
i know , we 're getting dragged in a circle .
once we get lined up , it 's gonna be a straight shot .
as soon as that coaxium ignites ,
we jump to lightspeed .
beckett !
ca n't talk !
i see it .
beckett , hurry up !
shut up and let me do this !
beckett , i 'm gonna count you down !
three !
two !
now !
now ?
now !
oh , shoot ...
chewie , when i tell you , kick out the thrusters
- and jump to lightspeed . - wait , what are we ...
remember that alley we slipped through
in the santhe shipyards ?
yeah , i remember ! i remember it did n't work .
this time it 's gonna .
punch it !
savareen , this is millennium falcon .
we have coaxium that needs to be off-loaded immediately .
like immediately , immediately !
we 're here now ...
... see you . i ...
just did the kessel run in 12 parsecs .
not if you round down , buddy .
yeah .
she is a hell of a ship .
i hate you .
i know .
i 'm gonna be on my ship ,
waiting for you to bring me my share .
and then i do n't ever wanna see you again .
never ?
where 's your boss ?
oh . do n't worry . he 'll be here .
then what ?
well , you delivered ,
so you will get paid .
you know that 's not what i 'm asking .
it ca n't happen .
because you 're with dryden ?
i 'm not with him , but i owe him .
he helped me out of a bad situation .
and how long do you have to pay off that debt ?
everyone serves somebody , han .
even dryden vos .
look , you do n't want to make an enemy of crimson dawn
if i left here with you .
i 'm not afraid of crimson dawn .
i can take care of myself .
you know , i 'm not the kid you knew
on corellia anymore , qi'ra .
- no ? - no .
then who are you ?
i 'm an outlaw .
what ? i 'm not kidding .
okay .
but i might be the only person in the whole galaxy
who knows what you really are .
yeah .
you are the good guy .
i am not the good guy .
i am definitely not a good guy .
i 'm a terrible person .
they say when the coaxium 's refined ,
so , i hear you make good brandy .
beckett .
do n't .
you must 've known you 'd see me again .
i was counting on it .
of course now , you 've got a problem .
big problem .
you happen to notice that freighter down there ?
you know what 's on it ?
all i gotta do is give 'em the signal ,
you 're surrounded .
sorry . you do your thing .
by the time that coaxium gets refined ,
so you go ahead and kill us .
perhaps there 's a compromise ,
they 're marauders .
all they know how to do is kill .
i need a drink .
my mother once told me
about a band of mercenaries
they had a resource there these men coveted ,
so they took it .
until finally , the people resisted .
when they returned demanding their tribute ,
the people shouted back in one voice , " no more ! "
the mercenaries did n't like the sound of that ,
so they cut off the tongue
do you know what that pack of animals became ?
crimson dawn and the rest of the five syndicates
have committed unspeakable crimes
says you .
no .
each of our worlds has been brutalized
crimson dawn will use their profits
to tyrannize system after system
and what would you use it for ?
the same thing my mother would have used it for
if she had survived and still wore the mask .
to fight back .
we 're not marauders .
and the war has just begun .
you know we ca n't give the coaxium to dryden vos .
joining the cause , han solo ?
just trying to make it out alive .
got a plan ?
way to get our money
of crimson dawn at the same time .
maybe get your girlfriend back while we 're at it .
you do n't tangle with dryden .
because unlike us , he actually does travel
with hired guns , his own private army .
so does enfys .
listen , here 's what i got so far .
what do you think they 're saying ?
he 's gonna try to help you .
i see .
lot of ways it could go south , and only one where it does n't .
that 's why i need my partner .
not this time .
if you 're smart , you 'll come with me .
i thought you did n't believe in running .
i prefer it to dying .
if by some miracle you make it out of here ,
find me on tatooine .
what 's on tatooine ?
heard about a job ,
that 'll be the one .
the one ?
my last score .
yeah , i still got some debts to pay
before i can head back to glee anselm
and get into the valachord .
welcome home .
thanks , toht .
weapons .
i did n't bring 'em .
they 're fine .
we 're gonna win .
it 's not that kind of game , han .
the object is n't to win .
you do n't know everything .
no .
just a bit more than you .
i knew it !
my men , they all said ,
" qi'ra 's not ready . " that 's what they said ,
but i had faith anyway .
where 's beckett ?
beckett did n't make it .
tell me .
job took a bad turn on kessel .
how are you holding up ? you all right ?
i 'm okay .
colo claw fish , anyone ?
- no . thank you . - no ?
you know , whatever beckett 's shortcomings may have been ,
i always admired him .
when he made a commitment , he honored it
and i think we can all take solace
in knowing how proud he would 've been
han and chewbacca behaved admirably .
they 'll make reliable smugglers ,
should we ever have the need
qi'ra . come here .
we 'd really appreciate the opportunity
i would 've been inconsolable
i have no one else in my life
that i trust in the way that i trust you .
well , i guess we 'll just take our payment
and get going .
... and black markets to dominate .
you want me to open it ?
oh , yes , han . i really do .
bring me one .
i do n't think that 's a good idea , dryden .
it 's very explosive stuff .
i never ask for anything twice , han .
careful .
it 's magnificent .
was n't easy .
no , i mean , how 'd you do it ?
it looks exactly like the real thing .
that 's 'cause it is the real thing .
yes , and i 'm saying
but my associate already told me
about your plan to rob me of my money
and give the real coaxium to enfys nest .
dryden , i do n't know what you 're thinking
or what qi'ra may have told you ...
no , not qi'ra . not qi'ra .
and we 'll deal with that later .
no , i 'm talking about my other associate .
can you come in and join us , please ?
i am sorry , kid .
why ?
come on .
you were n't paying attention .
am i wrong about that ?
back away from that .
put your paws where i can see 'em .
check that lid .
clever .
it 's too late .
coaxium 's refined , and enfys has it .
well , we figured that .
drop your weapons .
it 's over . we got them .
and there we have it .
qi'ra , help me .
tell me what to do .
what would you do
if the person you most trusted in the world
i would want to know why .
if it was a moment of weakness
and then what ?
and then , i would ask that person
to prove their loyalty
i tried to warn you about her .
you know , you 're wrong about one thing .
what ?
i was paying attention .
you told chewie people are predictable .
you 're no exception .
it 's empty .
aemon , what 's going on ? what 's happening there ?
aemon ?
i hope you did n't send all your fancy enforcers
because that would leave you
so ,
leaves here with one of us .
beckett , what are you doing ?
thinking .
han , grab that coaxium ,
big stuff , you 're coming with me .
do n't do this , beckett .
i 'm sorry ,
i mean , you of all people understand that .
come on , let 's go .
you 're making a huge mistake .
wo n't be my first .
it 's gonna be your last .
maybe .
han ,
to reevaluate our relationship .
how so ?
i was just thinking ,
why do n't we join forces and go get beckett together ?
that is a great idea . let 's do it . you go first .
oh , han .
you ca n't win , han , and even if you could ,
you 'd spend the rest of your life
you know what ?
i 'm sorry .
han , she 's done things that
you could never understand , but i do .
i understand her completely .
once you 're a part of crimson dawn ,
it 's not true .
it 's what i was taught .
find your opponent 's weakness ,
i 'm yours .
i had to .
yeah . no , i mean , you did ...
beckett and chewbacca , you have to go after them .
what are you gonna do ?
well , if we give all the coaxium to enfys ,
we 're gonna need something to buy our ship with .
- qi'ra ... - go and save chewbacca .
smile .
that 's the word .
whenever i imagined myself
always makes me smile .
go . i 'm right behind you .
yes ?
i regret to inform you that dryden vos is dead ,
murdered by the thief he hired
his friend ,
where is the shipment now ?
gone .
slaughtered the others . i alone survived .
one man could n't have done this alone .
i was n't there ,
bring the ship and come to me on dathomir
and you and i will then decide
and his accomplices .
i 'm on my way .
qi'ra ,
will be working much more closely
you 're relentless . i 'll give you that .
came as fast as i could , buddy .
dryden dead ?
qi'ra kill him ?
still do n't get it , do you , kid ?
it was never about you .
she 's a survivor .
you know what your problem is ?
you think everybody 's like you .
not you , kid .
i hope you 're still paying attention
because now i 'm gonna tell you the most important ...
you made the smart move , kid .
i woulda killed you .
i really was gonna learn to play that valachord .
i know .
that 's it . it 's all loaded .
do you know what that really is ?
yeah .
no .
yeah , what ?
a rebellion .
we need warriors and leaders like you .
maybe someday you 'll feel different .
do n't hold your breath , kid .
do n't lose that .
very few people have actually seen
it 's breathtaking .
how much do you know about intertwined celestial bodies ?
because i happen to be something of an authority .
by the way ...
han !
yeah , no thanks to you .
hey , han ! we are friends .
thought he was gonna rip your arms off .
i knew you were kidding .
no , you did n't .
- so , where 's my cut ? - your cut ?
no , i do n't think so . we barely made it out alive .
all we ended up with was that .
figure it 's worth about 10 , 000 ,
you want a rematch ?
why not ?
you fold now ,
you call ,
i do n't know , i 'm feeling lucky .
you really have it bad for the falcon , do n't you ?
it 's mutual , trust me . she belongs with me .
you got everything you need there , pal ?
not bad .
if you 'd only had this little green sylop ,
you would 've beaten this .
fair and square , baby . fair and square .
beckett said he heard about this
very big gangster putting together a job .
when have i ever steered you wrong ?