Democrats do n't know how to manage money ? Shocking !
It 's not like automation has eliminated the need for any manual labor since the 40 hour work week was established or anything .
Insane like a fox . Ted Cruz is actually very very intelligent . It 's his constituents that are insane . He 's just playing the part .
If Jesus destroyed satan for our freedom , why is there still evil , Tom , huh ? Huh ? Why Tom ?
Because the Reddit Liberal Brigade™ would downvote it to oblivion within minutes ? Does that sound about right ?
It 's amazing how Democrats view money . It has to come from somewhere you idiots and you signed up to foot the bill . Congratulations .
That just makes me cringe . Not sure if it 's the use of memes to try to appeal to teenagers or the fact that this song wo n't stop harassing me ( I GET IT YOU GUYS THAT 'S SO FUNNY I 'M A FOX ) .
So the question during their Twitter Q & amp ; A about washing the sleaze off with a regular shower or with baby tears has been answered ... it 's baby tears while removing candy from said baby .
This really is pathetic . You send shit to other countries and you have to include the obligatory proselytizing bullshit ? really ? & gt ; I love jesus because
I for one am in utter shock that these fine institutions would stoop to such a low level to deceive consumers and benefit themselves financially . /s
I 'm sure it will pass ..
would n't some of the door knockers see this as `` a test '' and knock anyway ? i do n't get many door knockers where i live , The 2 times its happened i just answered the door in my underwear and say a polite `` kindly fuck off '' and that worked .
That , of course , is the Debt Star .
What 's a Dennis Miller ?
Do n't forget he 's Canadian He 's chosen the dark side of fundraising , confused by lots of donations from angry GOP base who would n't vote for a Democrat if you literally paid them $ 5 . The fool does n't realize that the quick and easy path will destroy him in the long run .
The EPA is in fact non essential .
It 's too bad their lifespan is measured in days .
Must not be much going on for Congress this week .
Skanks , the lot of them .
That was today 's talking point .
If you ca n't win on substance , win on a technicality : GOP creed .
Obama is god ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
'Reid ' and 'reasons ' share part of a syllable ; ca n't be coincidence .
Yet more proof that there is a god .
Then why was Hitler rejected from art school ? : p There are particular facets of Card 's books that I find really hard to reconcile with his real life bigotry . In the later books , Ender is among the most rational and egalitarian characters I have ever read . Card clearly understands diversity and tolerance better than most people , yet he flat out rejects them . It 's sad how much power Religion has to poison even great minds .
She 's a uniter . Most people , regardless of political affiliation , can agree she 's horrible .
Seems like all is forgiven regarding the Republican brinkmanship caused government shutdown .
I honestly do not know if this article is for real ... no one is that stupid ... right ? ?
Best idea EVER ! Could you imagine if scientific industries and scientists got the same ridiculous tax breaks as your average Kansas church ?
I am an American Jew and I call on the people of Israel to get rid of Netanyahu and other right-wingers .
wikipedia . org/wiki/The System Has Failed
Nothing to see here folks . Dancing with the Stars is on . No need to worry about this . Support the troops . Murica !
This just in : pseudo scientists make claims using incomplete and insignificant data as proof- everyone believes them . Its like mythbusters . Lets use a half assed bastardized scientific process and not thoroughly test
Yo dawg , help an Airman out
& gt ; `` Here 's a picture of my house '' Oh ? you dont have a house ? why not ?
Every time a liberal whines about their precious Obamacare , and angel gets its wings .
They tried using polls , they tried being clever ... only to discover they poisoned their own well . Now it 's time to take a drink .
Turtle guy , who said his primary goal was to deny Obama a second term is reasonable and willing to negotiate now . Yeah .... and I 'm a Chinese jet pilot .
Here 's the logic . I claim to not believe in Unicorns because I 'm ANGRY at Unicorns . Make sense ?
Wow , thanks for all the context , OP .
Let 's eat popcorn and watch the Teahadists tank the Republican party into oblivion the next election cycle . The political mileage from this kind of stuff will haunt them for decades . `` Remember back during the Teahadist days ... ? ``
American Royalty .
The point of the article is that while everyone ( outside of the Fox bubble ) understands that it is an astro-turf group funded by billionaires , many progressives see tea-party supporters as uninformed , low income fools who are working against their own best interest . While the reality is that the majority of tea-party supporters are the same wealthy conservatives that have been around since the Reagan revolution . This is not to say that the media has n't focused on the image of the ignorant white-trash supporter with a severe spelling dysfunction .
Did he cut a large circular mouth hole ?
Wait so the founder of a thing says his thing is the best way to do a thing ? Whoa .
But hey , we 're not here to generalize .

Yeah , Fuck freedom of religion ! Free healthcare , my employer , that I chose to work for , is forced to pay for , is more important than that !
But you have to go to the hospital at some point in your life . Your use of the product is 100 % guaranteed , so you should have to pay for that product since it 's inevitable that you 'll use it . We agree that they 're crooks , but so many people thought a single payer system was bad so we kept the crooks alive . Democrats wanted single payer , Republicans wanted nothing , the ACA was the compromise .
Um , not exactly
& gt ; But the guts of your question – even without all the name-calling and acrimony – reveal the essence of what 's broken in our country . You want to know `` how I can associate '' with someone you don ’ t like ? The short answer is , how can I not ? How are we ever going to accomplish anything in this incredibly divisive time if we associate only with people that we don ’ t disagree with ? Wow . At first I was really impressed with this quote , but now I 'm ashamed to live in a time where this needs to be said . Can our society , so focused on equality , be headed for a time that we shun people for having different ideas than us ?
Great idea on the talkathon Cruz . Really made the republicans look like the sane ones .
I 'm gon na go with the polar bears died and that made the water colder .
Quite frankly , it was Obama that made me independent . I 'm embarrassed to say I voted for him , and I 'm not alone in saying that . I 've never voted Republican , and I do n't support blocking the ACA like they are , but it 's going to be several election cycles before I get duped into voting for another Democrat . Aaannnndddd downvotes ....
Yes , `` stolen '' . As if TradeFortress was the most trustworthy person to begin with .
Why should we try to cure diseases ? God designed them to kill you . /s
So this guy is dick , right ?
How much were they given in the bailout ?
You got what you wanted then .
Worse , it 's a fire in the house that we both live in .
Work , ai n't nobody got time for dat !
Amazing how they made sure all this would go in effect right after the election
For the same reason mega churches are popular , and you keep hearing about a new , no investment needed real estate plan or method on the radio . Greed is easy . Giving and caring is hard .
Who 's Sarah Palin and why is her opinion more important than the member of any kindergarten class ?
I thought even a child could understand that giving money to rich people does n't make poor people any better off .
The bible is a good argument against fundamentalism , put it that way . Because taking much of it literally is crazy . Indeed , Christian traditions that do n't rely on literal textualism are not going to have a problem , as they 're already open to the considerable grey areas true faith ( as opposed to blind belief ) requires . That said , Penn Jillette is as bad a face for atheism as fundamentalists are for Christianity -- as he has very loose contradictory ethics . On the one hand as liars , but then turn around and as effective manipulators . One thing I really hate is seeming intellectual defenses of what really amounts to excuses for any personal bias .
Wait until these fuckwits hear about the first amendment .
& gt ; every time I pay my new premium , I am paying into a system that makes it possible for my fellow Americans who have not been as lucky as me—people who really have been losers pre-ACA—to finally get affordable health care . Socialism . Evil , anti-American , anti-Christian socialism . Right there .
Did you sign up for Obamacare A . Yesterday ? B . Today ?
How surprising that a Republican Congressman from Texas should turn out to be a giant hypocritical asshole . That almost never happens .
What a steaming pile of horseshit . I guess democrats have all the answers to all the world 's problems and republicans have nothing good to say whatsoever . We can just dismiss them all . This kind of thinking is what 's wrong with partisan politics , and as a matter of fact it 's what 's wrong with most religious thinking as well . `` We have all the answers and we 're not going to talk you because you 're wrong. `` It 's so childish .
Good luck , Wendy .
Well I suppose as long as I keep my chain saw on idle and do n't point it at anyone I should be able to walk around town with it and nobody should be concerned , right ?
Maybe because there are more religious people in the world than there are atheists ? And that lower class countries still have a substantial number of `` religious '' ( not really religious , just following the flow ) people in them ? Also , since the study also includes people in prison , where a lot of people convert because of desperation , its not really reliable in that sense . Oh , shit sorry , I mean , RELIGION IS BAD AND STUFF RABBLE RABBLE RABLLE !
Another thing .. just to add .. when a white person says something conservative or profound it 's tossed to the side and called racist , but if you put a black person 's picture above it , or say Morgan Freeman said it or whatever , it blows up my news feed as the greatest thing ever said .
Hah ... You think Canada has strict regulation of the Financial sector ... adorable .
Yup ! Do n't know why more Christians do n't follow this . Oh , wait , its not hateful and it doesnt further their agenda .
Why ? We 've got more money than we know what to do with in the USA . We 've got people paying $ 5,000 to sit in the stands at Fenway to watch a ball game where a 29 year old pitcher is getting paid $ 2 Million Dollars .... We 're not broke , we 've just got our priorities all wrong
I guess the mods have dictated that this is now an acceptable domain , but do n't you dare try to post from any of the others ! We ca n't let people think for themselves , now can we ?
I have had one for almost a year and I do n't think that I have even ever plugged it in ...
I used to be a youth leader , I was shocked and disappointed when I was ignored for basically saying the Word of God is what ultimately attracts people and not games and activities . I shared to the co-leaders about my own experience and looking forward to come to church as an unbeliever because God 's Word drew my natural curiosities . Their response was `` you 're different '' and moved on . The co-leaders are all great people but I think in busyness they focused too much on logistics ... kind of like it is a given to focus on God so therefore they concentrated their efforts elsewhere . Note : Me not being a youth leader anymore is not related to this .
His career is copied from his father . His positions are copied from the Tea Party . His name is even copied from Ayn Rand !
Good thing he was born in Canada .
Darwinism would greatly conflict with Hitler 's master race . It would mean that the master race has evolved from some lower beings .
If you remove the `` christian '' qualifier , you can see what a self-evident statement that is . Progressives are consistently at the forefront of social justice ? YOU DO N'T SAY ! Huh ? ; ]
Politics : the dirtiest job of them all !
Neuroscience and The Matrix would make a cool class too ! Neuroscience and Super Mario Bros could even fit somewhere . It 's not because a subject can be discussed when talking of science that this subject is valid in context .
And is easily fooled by regular tape .
I wonder if Obamacare covers whatever it is that Carney 's smoking ?
It 's not even all that miraculous , the chalk dropping on his clothes and then rolling away is well within the realm of possibility . If the chalk floated down to the floor like a feather or hovered in mid-air then we 'd have something .
From user tilio who deleted his comment after realizing how stupid it was , '' as the other side of `` independent , '' i feel the exact opposite . we 're 17 trillion in debt with over 70 trillion in unfunded liabilities ( medicare is once again , almost bankrupt ) . instead of making efforts to work these down , democrats are piling on even more debt . it 's clear that many democrats / fiscal authoritarians have not looked at this from our point of view . republicans , tea , and fiscal conservatives in general want spending cuts and deficit reduction . as long as we stand firm , we win . either democrats cave to our demands ( giving us the spending cuts we want ) , or democrats drive us off the cliff , destroying the US credit rating , forcing spending cuts because they wo n't be able to borrow nearly as much money . the only way we lose is to agree to let democrats / fiscal authoritarians to keep spending . you may dislike this point of view . but it is inescapable fact. `` Your joking right ? That debt is largely a legacy of the last president and his two wars , which we had to continue . Conservative fiscal ideas are what drove us over the edge . Furthermore , we know your position , but you lost , the majority of voters elected representatives that support the ACA , as evidenced by the wast of time that the republicans tried to remote on it and lost every time . This is a democracy , just because the majority disagrees with you does n't mean you get to shut down government and act like a bunch of spoiled children .
Like they need more incentive not to do their jobs . The bill would trigger across the board 1 % cuts every 90 days until they pass a continuing resolution .
Hey look ! Someone who thinks The Administration is actually in charge . How 90s .
It blows my mind that anyone could be pulling down six figures in a ministry position . I wonder what the rabbi who forbade his apostles to carry money , food , or an extra change of clothing would think .
College Freshman tells his teacher he will be 'more cautious ' with his homework ...
If faith was stronger than the typhoon then why are all those people still dead ?
She made my penis fill with blood ! KILL HER ! THROW STONES AT HER UNTIL SHE IS DEAD ALLAH AHKBAR
Why Taibbi is not on every news source all the time , I will never know . The man is a genius .
well , ok. that 's one . 700,000 to go .
& gt ; It 's messed up you just think every conservative is the exact same when all democrats talk about is how `` open minded '' you are . There 's your problem . You decry conservatives being painted with a broad brush , then you paint `` all Democrats '' with an even broader brush . Get off the cross . We need the wood .
My current plan was `` None '' . My total healthcare costs over the past five years were $ 190 . I visited a doctor twice for a sleeping problem . Two $ 95 visits . Paid cash . If I had insurance , the deductible being higher , those visits would n't get paid . My total costs would have been at least $ 9,190- $ 18,190 , depending on whether my employer pays half . I miss None .
Stay in school , kids .
Or : Lavabit gets forged SSL key from compromised service providers . Unwittingly gives feds access to active users data .... Godaddy ? Come On Son .
so 93 million lose coverage so that the 45million who dont have coverage ... can maybe get it
This is not a checklist .
omg anne rand is so dumb i was really into her when i was 13 then i grew up /s
It jumped the shark when it stopped being about fiscal responsibility and became about socialism is evil , this is a Christian nation , and `` STOPSPENDINGSTOPSPENDINGSTOPSPENDING '' became their main policy while all they really did was pass abortion bills . You know , 3 days after it started .
How is it possible that this cocksucker is n't in prison yet ?
The NSA can spy on the future ! ? Okay , this is getting scary .
FOX News just hired him to be their voting fraud expert .
Always ironic to see a guy like Reich , who 's already made more money than he 'll ever need , lecture the `` New Rich '' on how they are too greedy .
Cheney will live forever , because only the good die young .
Yep it is hard to get a good education and therefor a good job when you are home schooled by the home schooled .
reddit told me that they are the same !
It would have been nice for the photo to be captioned with an explanation of the infamous event being depicted : Ryan `` washes '' already clean dishes at a soup kitchen that he made reopen late for his photo-op .
We already tried the whole unproven first term senator with little experience thing . It did n't work out so well . Liz has even less experience than Obama , so it 's sure to work out great , right ? Makes perfect sense .

& gt ; “ What about Somali or Hispanic students , who might not eat sandwiches ? ” Gutierrez asked . They are called tortas in Mexico genius .
Ask not what you can do for Supply Side Jesus , ask what Supply Side Jesus can do for you . All by buying gold from my ministry 's website !
Someone being the foremost expert in a subject is pretty impressive . That single person having more knowledge and experience of a single subject that any other human alive . She is the foremost expert of FOUR separate subjects . Wow . no .
I 'm still protesting the teaching in schools of Heliocentrism as perpetrated by the convicted fraud and known huckster Galileo . If Geocentrism was good enough for Jesus then it 's good enough for me .
And ? Even the Republican base does n't want the current Republicans in control of Congress ! That 's why so much anti-incumbent rhetoric exists right now . Poll says nothing .
But wait bitcoins arent real nothing was really stolen ... people pirate virtual information , music and software all the time ... its all virtual ..... why pay for software ? So why should it be wrong to take bitcoins ..... : P ( sarcasm )
It seems horribly unfair - and it is - but if we did n't keep paying them - or if we paid them minimum wage as others have suggested - then the wealthiest politicians would hold out forever until they got what they wanted and people who were n't already rich would be disincentivized to run for office at all . The 1 % would be even more grossly over represented than they already are and have even more of an advantage than they already do .
I do n't think you guys are on-board with how important it is to get every bit of carbon out of the ground and into the atmosphere .
Surely they 'll offer an `` In TFSM We Trust '' version , right ? Or maybe `` Joseph Smith Lied '' ?
It 's funny that you discount this guy 's opinion because of his bias but fully accept the completely biased IPCC report .
Another poll found that most people believe water to be wetter than fire .
I heard that Al Gore stands to make thousands of dollars from his investments in energy efficient air conditioners !
A chuckle-worthy irony .
Maybe Ken Cuccinelli Should n't Have Built His Campaign Around Sodomy .... because he sucks ! rimshot thanks folks , i 'll be here all week !
Impose a $ 5,000 fee for normal citizens running their mouths , while allowing corporations to get away with things like destroying entire communities and ecosystems for free . And we allow it .
Because obviously anyone that does n't agree with you is a bad person , am I right ?
You only have two parties . Why do n't you just flip a giant coin for each election . Same difference .
Yes , the war on Christmas rears its ugly head once more . This year we will not see blinking lights on houses , decorated trees in homes , christmas services at church , christmas products for sale in every store nor even a single christmas-related advertisement . To make it worse , no one may own a bible any more or celebrate christmas in their own homes . If you are jewish , muslim or a host of other religions , you are asked not to celebrate your own winter festivals as the mere presence of another holiday is a clear attack on christmas itself . Also , if you are an atheist , your existence is an affront to freedom . /eyeroll
If they cared about debt , they would n't have voted for a candidate that wanted to increase military spending by $ 3trillion .
Hell the KochGangsters bought Wisconsin they do n't have to bother with little things like laws anymore .
Is that not the correct thing to do ? I agree it was poor judgement to take the donation in the first place . But let 's not go all Benghazi about this .
Up next , Obama shuts down all sidewalks in the nation due to no budget .
All the more reason to cut billions from food stamps . Darned freeloading starving seniors .
Even if you do n't believe in God or Psychics , you got ta follow your gut man .
Imagine if it was a man his age going after 17 year old girls with substance abuse problems .
The ACA website is a 1000 times better than the Republican IDontCare . gov healthcare website .
`` ... the villagers hid the best they could and hoped that the terror would pass them by . Think of them as your standard gun control advocates who prefer to hide and hope that someone else will protect them. `` Dang , nailed me as a pacifist . /s
When did House Republicans declare Jihad exactly ? I must have missed that .
I would love to celebrate him for this , but then I 'd need a google+ account .
Republican = bad politicians and Democratic = good politicians ?
To be fair , that 's probably true for a society where women are currently cloistered : giving them the freedom to leave the house on their own will probably increase rates of shopping and drinking lattes at Starbucks , too .
Did n't know I was so powerful . Cool .
It 's always good to see a lying president council another lying president on how to/not to lie .
She must have taken the Parsing Graduate Course from Bill Clinton .
& gt ; get off Ohio 's dick and let them do what they want to do And while we 're at it , let 's let the south have slavery again . Frankly , there should be a constitutional amendment protecting a person 's right to do what they want with their own body , particularly prior to the point where they are carrying another viable life . No state should be able to write laws that make it more difficult to get an abortion under the guise of `` protecting women '' when it is a fact that abortions performed in the developed world are among the safest procedures in medicine .
It 's mind-boggling that it 's that high .
I 'm sorry , but does anyone actually believe that the Slate article is meant to be taken seriously ? If so , there 's some hard-hitting journalism over at The Onion that 's sure to catch your interest , too .
Yea that 's it . China . Nothing to see here .
They 're voting for the constituents that matter , the ones that give them money . Dollars & gt ; Votes .
& gt ; An unintended side effect of the security measure is that a number of non-malicious extensions that violate Google 's terms of service in other ways will effectively be shut out . I love when changes for your own good , because you are too stupid not to download and install malware from the web are also self serving .
Did he talk at all about how he places personal religious beliefs over the civil rights of others ?
bet the GOP wont try to repeal the patriot act 42 times .
Seems like a really terrible article to me . Yeah , let 's gloss over the police state this nation has basically become , and blame Wall Street . Lots of stupid in that article . I 'm guessing that 's why there are lots of upvotes , yet no discussions .
your congressmen dosnet have your back , he has you by the neck
Let me fix if for them . `` If true , these accusations would amount to some of the gravest war crimes ~~perpetrated~~ admitted to by American forces since 2001 ''
Nelson Muntz sends his regards .
Turn that shit into a drinking game . Every time he says the word `` conversation '' do a shot . And then die of alcohol poisoning : \
Is n't Texas that state that go bailed out for $ 75 billion by the fed gov during the S & amp ; L crisis back in the 80 's ?
The guy who invented basic coverage for everyone in Massachusetts should run for President .
huh . A democrat made a comment trivializing Rape and it 's not all over the news ? If it was a Republican it 'd be the top story on CNN and MSNBC right now .
And a fundy christian half-term governor , with delusions of grandeur , is one of the best sources for comedy in America .
this ... this is a joke . it has to be a joke . this website must be a subsidiary of The Onion , right ? ... Please ? God , I hate my countrymen sometimes ...
In other news , Democrats want everybody to be owned by the State .
That 's it . I 'm moving to the moon .
We know the Earth is vastly older than 10,000 years old for a huge variety of reasons . Just to name a few : Amino acid racemization , Baptistina asteroid family , Continental drift , Coral , Cosmogenic nuclide dating , Dendrochronology , Distant starlight , Erosion , Fission track dating , Geomagnetic reversals , Helioseismology , Human Y-chromosomal ancestry , Ice layering , Impact craters , Iron-manganese nodule growth , Lack of DNA in fossils , Length of the prehistoric day , Lunar retreat , Naica megacrystals , Nitrogen impurities in natural diamonds , Oxidizable carbon ratio dating , Permafrost , Petrified wood , Radioactive decay , Relativistic jets , Rock varnish , Seabed plankton layering , Sedimentary varves , Space weathering , Stalactites , Thermoluminescence dating , and Weathering rinds . Really though , this is just a short list . Virtually all we currently understand about physics , chemistry , and geology leads us to a conclusion of an old Earth and universe . All of the evidence we currently have available indicates this . & gt ; ... and they are not taking in the account of a possible global flood ... There is no evidence to suggest that at any point in time Earth was fully covered with water or oceans . Having `` never looked into it '' your confusion is understandable . Edit : Like someone else said . On an order of magnitude of how far off Creationists are it 's equivalent to believing that New York City and Los Angeles are like 20ft away from each other .
So when they went to private ownership , they just magically developed over night a deep knowledge of crops , animals , environment , and farming techniques ?
They are still trying to figure out how to backtrack on the Southern Strategy . Give them a few decades , maybe they will come up for something good for climate change .
And that brave , patriotic , pro-life Navy SEAL champion 's name was Albert Einstein .
Those are very common attributes , you should be a proud American .
`` Demand that this president leave town , to get out , to put the Koran down , to get up off his knees , and to figuratively come up with his hands out. `` He 's saying this about a president that I voted for , along with 65,899,659 of my fellow Americans , not even a year ago . He 's saying this about a president who is trying to push through legislation that I feel is necessary , if we 're ever going to improve on our current healthcare system . He 's saying this about the freely elected President of the United States of America . And , 20 % of the population eats it right up . God help us .
Hey guys . Apparently this article meant what it seems and we should all vote it down .
The funny thing is he thinks he 's helping .
He 's no Mark Warner but he 's also no Cuccinelli .
I think you mean people that they will be hiring in a few years .
From the article : & gt ; While there is a possibility that this administrator would have similarly overreacted had the employee worn a George W. Bush mask ... Bwaaaaaah ha ha haaaaah ha ha hee ho ho ooooh . Whew . Good one .
What a fraud . Fire damaged goods with a personal story that is irrelevant . You know : under most trading laws you need to be able to prove claims you make . If you ca n't prove that this is `` divinely destroyed '' then you are violating those laws . Good luck with that .
What I want to know , what has he down that 37 % of people approve of ?
& gt ; But its ideals of freedom of speech , freedom of religion , and tolerance are closer to America ’ s ideals than any other country ’ s in its region . Last time I checked , destroying Palestinian villages and seizing their land for Israeli use was n't a definition of tolerance or religious freedom .
Allen West rails on Obama , CNN Drops Morgan , and the Goverment Shutdown . This is a great week !
I do n't think stealing shite from a latrine counts as plagiarism .
I would love to see every Walmart employee go on strike 10 minutes before Black Friday opening . Then watch as all the greedy consumers burn the place to the ground . Capitalism at its finest .
then you 're gon na get kicked out of the tea party AND the Moral Majority AND the American Family Association and Pat Robertson will call a hurricane right down on your ass
Well let me tell you ...
Welcome black Ftfy
Sheldon Adelson is , unfortunately , a U. S. citizen , although he probably should n't be considering his real allegiance is to the state of Israel .
Koch : $ 15 million ? One moment , let me fetch my change purse .
& gt ; Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion ; or preventing the free exercise thereof ... You can practically smell those `` Biblical Principles '' , amirite ?
If he wants to keep it secret , the word would n't get out .
Oh my god what a headache listening to her ! You know what though ? We 're going to hear this same stuff from Republicans for the next few weeks . It 's a `` serious investigation '' they are undertaking ... Presented by Miss South Carolina .
Do n't forget the burden that eating fast food habitually puts on taxpayers .
so the article is saying my generation is down to earth and the previous generation is to superstitious it is clear ; from now on , I should make all important decisions in our family , because clearly I 'm way more rational , exactly what I 've been saying since I was 6 years old
Is it plagiarism if they ghost wrote the book for him in the first place ?
The health deductible tripled due to ability of health insurers to now charge 3x more for skin bronzers -- ziiiiinggggg , see what I did there
The one true God is 178910723 . 6438216 . Suck on it 4 's !
& gt ; & gt ; '' It 's not radical , its not extreme cause we all believe it '' That 's pretty hilarious ... Yes you are all radicals .
Happy Veterans Day !
Believe me , I was furious when our `` socialist '' ( I ca n't roll my eyes at that hard enough ) president took single payer off the table before anyone even had to ask him to take it off the table . We should have nationalized healthcare like every other civilized nation on the planet , but apparently my fellow Americans just do n't want it . They 're barely willing to tolerate the incredibly mild reforms in the ACA . Hell , people are furious at the president because their terrible fake insurance is being replaced by cheaper insurance that actually insures them . `` But but but you said I could keep eating dirt and paying for the privilege if I wanted ! Liar ! Liar ! `` We 've been trying for single payer since Teddy Roosevelt 's day , and it got him kicked out of his own party . This sort of `` everything new is pants-pissingly terrifying '' mindset is why we still wo n't use the damn metric system . As much as I think my country NEEDS single payer , realistically I have to admit that the majority of us apparently do n't WANT it , so I 'll take whatever petty improvements we can get .
He 's obviously making this up . He may not realize that , though .
A press release right before a long holiday . Surely this is n't an attempt to bury such big change in policy .
It should be pointed out that an amendment to Obamacare to allow people to buy prescription drugs from outside the US ( a campaign promise of Barack Obama ) was proposed ( by John McCain of all people ) and was killed by Democrats in the Senate at the behest of the Obama whitehouse . Obama actually lobbied to kill his own campaign promise on this issue .
Shocked
$ 780 in food stamps ( plus WIC ) ! That 's some lavish dining !
Well if we did it to them , we woul be in trouble ... SO LET 'S STIR UP SHIT !
Obama calls it Obamacare .
`` the environment '' ... another strawman
They had a soul ?
Makes me proud to be an Aggie ....
NEWS FLASH ! Capitalism .
Someone 's brother-in-law must have just come up with a 'new , radical design ' for the uniforms ...
Youth uninformed about politics ? Since when ? !
What we 're seeing here is a coup d'etat by stealth . The GOP is no longer a party with an ideological platform that can convince the masses . It has now resorted to rigging the system in its favor in very undemocratic ways . Strange behaviour for the party that claims to represent true American ideals like democracy .
Hey man , I 'm sure you just missed the memo , but `` capitalism '' is now defined as the government telling us we have to buy something and then narrowing the definition further , by telling us we do n't know what we want and they need to show us .
Even though I agree with the article 's general purpose , I ca n't take anyone seriously who compares the tea party to jihadists or the Taliban . Yeah , they are assholes , but hyperbole does n't get you anywhere . The same goes for anyone who spits the words liberal and socialist out like it 's poison . I went to college and studied political science because I was an idealist who wanted to work for the country , to help craft policy which would improve people 's lives . After getting a real taste of what real politics is like , I lost almost all interest . Thanks assholes !
I mean if Obama can win one ...
You guys should just leave us behind . We 're just dragging you down . We 're not gon na make it , man . Save yourselves !
Evolution is from the devil , have n't you heard ? The idea is to scare kids from even learning about it .
CBS . Enough said .
& gt ; His ambitions involved staggering levels of violence I am shocked . Shocked , I tell you .
I 'm so happy he 's been given enough rope to hang himself .
This is why his nickname is `` Handy J. Olsteen .. ``
But-but the rapture !
I think the Republicans make a fatal error when they do n't take in to account , human nature . When you tell people they ca n't vote , they are sure to show up in droves .
The post talked about questions to conservatives . Why did you change the topic to refer to 'reasonable people ?
It most definitely is . How could it be construed as not some form of terrorism ? They are holding the very interests of America hostage until they get their demands met . They are willing to let the economy crash and for Americans ( of course , minus the wealthy Americans ) suffer until they get their demands met . I hope that history and Americans are wise enough to judge these people as what they are : traitors . In every sense of the word . They have turned their backs on their country 's best interests , their constituents , the history of America and are abusing their positions to kowtow to the needs of the wealthy exclusively . That is terrorism . I 've said it before and I 'll say it again : The GOP has done more damage to America than any terrorist organization in our lifetimes . Yes , Al Qaeda had caused more life loss but the GOP has ruined the lives of millions of people and continue by fighting exclusively for the wealthy and corporations , taking food from the mouths of the need , the elderly , the young .... and the more damage they do , the more pride they seem to take in it . Jesus , I wish we could split the country into two separate nations . I 'd love to see how long the poor fools of GOP land last after they become enslaved to corporations and the rich . There would be slavery again , without doubt , there would be a nation of 98 % impoverished all struggling to help make profits for the 2 % of the wealthy . Fuck the GOP . And fuck the uneducated , uninformed people who cling to the `` both sides are the same '' mantra . You understand absolutely nothing about politics , the economy , history or anything else that has to do with what 's going on right now in America .
Nice budget PC there .
I wonder if the parents are the kind of people who worry about 'liberal reeducation camps ' , because the irony would be hilarious .
Destroy America . Profit . Win . What 's wrong with that ?
Do n't you love that they also gave themselves millions in farm subsidies for their own agri-corp farms . Not their districts , themselves . My TP congressman voted yes to it while voting to cut food stamps . He does n't get the subsidies but he was part of the shutdown so I give him a hard time about it .
`` atheist winter holiday gift exchange '' - this cracks me up .
You do n't say ?
The website being broken is n't even the biggest problem . The biggest problem is that the law is fundamentally flawed . Even if the website was working properly , people would still be getting their hours cut at work and kicked off their existing plans . This is only the beginning of the shit show . We have n't even entered the second act yet .
Christians ca n't be Republicans either , but you do n't see that affecting them . Jesus was all about helping the poor , giving out free healthcare , and kicking the moneychangers out of the temple . He was also pretty cool with taxes , very anti-war , and non-judgemental . Does n't seem to stop Christians any from supporting the political party that 's completely Anti-Jesus .
You are using stereotypes to fight racism . Bravo
`` Money does grow off trees , right ? `` -Liberal
Do n't forget the good news : 24 % of those surveyed were atheist !
If only we could elect a constitutional lawyer to our highest office , then we 'd be set . Thanks Obama !
Let me get this straight ..... So Steve Wynn starts a company , employs a bunch of people , lays some of them off and now he 's no longer a job creator ? So that business would just magically exist and employ people if he had n't started it ? I 'm not saying that guys like him are n't greedy or assholes , but let 's not be disingenuous here . Regardless of whether or not they have altruistic intentions , guys like him still employ more people than if they had n't started their companies to begin with . Wynn is a bad example for `` corporate greed '' as he is an example of someone who has actually built something from nothing . He does n't owe a single job to anyone . He employs people to help him make money .
The ironic thing about Christie is that liberals like him because he is nice to Obama , and conservatives hate him for the same reason .
Patriotism ? We 're Christians , not patriots . I love all of humanity , not just 'MURICA .
& gt ; '' Believers are more likely to say that God has significant power over weather and disasters. `` No shit , Sherlock . It 's like saying that people who eat meat are more likely to eat a hamburger than are vegetarians/vegans Edit : formatting
Imagine if schools spent $ 70 million on education .
you ca n't fixed stupid .
It 's a novel way to `` balance your budget '' . Appropriate for spending and then just not pay the bill .
Alas , I know not enough geology to properly refute this . Instead of researching this myself I 'm going to assume they are right . Pack it up guys , we 've been disproven : (
Lets start with mandatory drug testing . That will inspire some people like this gal to get a job so they can buy drugs with no penalty .
Moderate democrats are important for us to hold majorities and allow procedural votes to move forward . I live in a moderate district , supporting a moderate democrat gives us a chance , rather than the congressman I have now who likes to jump naked in the sea of galilee .
Well , whether the government does anything or not , that percentage is likely to go down eventually ...
That 's how I like to play monopoly !
I like how the second poll does n't give an option to blame congressional Democrats .
Good to see that with all their focus on shutdowns and defaulting on the debt that they have n't lost a modicum of their class .
Yep this sure is a Republican Shutdown /sarcasm off
Is it a slide whistle ?
Something sexy that goes boom versus purchasing health insurance . Gosh , I do n't get why .
Pity they got rid of the rainbow graph of institutionalized fearmongering . Obama could probably benefit from bumping it up to orange or magenta or whatever .
Must be a `` racist '' too . /sarc
& gt ; In dentists ’ and doctors ’ offices , hearing aid centers and pain clinics , American health care is forging a lucrative alliance with American finance . A growing number of health care professionals are urging patients to pay for treatment not covered by their insurance plans with credit cards and lines of credit that can be arranged quickly in the provider ’ s office . The cards and loans , which were first marketed about a decade ago for cosmetic surgery and other elective procedures , are now proliferating among older Americans , who often face large out-of-pocket expenses for basic care that is not covered by Medicare or private insurance . American exceptionalism .
Dumbasses . There is no `` healthcare . gov '' web site . It 's hosted by Akamai , which means there are hundreds of them , each running on whatever Akamai server is close to your provider . Good luck taking that down .... The tea party website on the other hand , has no such distributed server network ....
It nobody has noticed by now . It does not matter what the majority wants .
Perfect example : me . I pay about $ 6000 per year for health insurance . Never had to use it until this year . ( Pain in kidney area , trace amount of blood in urine , dehydrated a lot , working outdoors in the south ) Gee , I bet I have a kidney stone ... Google agrees $ 6000 insurance $ 1000 deductible $ 1000 in co-pays , 20 % of bills for cancer tests , two rounds of x-rays , ultrasound , etc ... $ 8000 paid so far . Guess what ? I have a kidney stone . Good news , there 's a procedure available that smashes the stone , but you have to be anesthetized , needs more tests before we can put you out , bloodwork , EKG ... Another couple hundred dollars . And the procedure ? I will owe 20 % , which is $ 3000 . I do n't have another $ 3000 , so I ca n't really afford to have it done . Am I risking future kidney function ? Possibly , yes . Total bill for kidney stone : $ 5000 $ 6000 for insurance $ 11,000 Total , if I want treatment . If not , suffer . I ca n't currently afford it , so .... Awesome , huh ? EDIT : Oh BTW , my deductible re-sets at the first of the year , so if I do n't get this done before xmas , it will cost $ 1000 more next year . TL : DR Fuck you America . Get your shit together .
& gt ; Our focus school and our Superintendent ’ s mandate that we improve education for students of color Then teach them what a damn sandwich is !
Even when they 're stupid they still think they 're smarter than us .
I observe this every day . If you talk to a `` right winger '' in Fox news terms , then they hate big government , Obama , socialized medicine , taxes , etc etc etc . Talk to them about actual programs , and suddenly they are actually for almost every government program in existence .
America gets in their way .
Dude , try living in South Carolina . I swear we 've had like 1 good news story about us in the past 4 years . All the rest ? Completely embarrassing .
Watching McCain these days is like watching a political take on `` The Notebook '' , but without the sadness ... instead of bouncing between happiness/sadness , it 's glee/fury .
Careful ! Rand is the darling of the Libertarians , they will defend him and his father till their last breaths .
All Obama has to do is pick up the phone and give Boehner a call . And also cave in to all of the GOP 's insane demands and then impeach himself . Also something something Benghazi .
While I think the parents should burn .... & gt ; Cook said , “ I feel the punishment should match the outrage felt by this community. `` I do n't think that is , in general , a correct way to dole out punishment .
And patriots !
I was coming on here to post this , but figured someone else already had . It is in fact the perfect representation of hardcore right Christians . Love thy neighbor ... unless he has different beliefs , is gay , is a democrat , is from a different country , etc .
The Gaywakening . I wonder why it took them so long to start disciplinary proceedings .
Conservative response : herp derp Detroit hurr durr
They 're kind of out there . But they managed to shut down out government .
The home team always hears cheers from the crowd , even in their worst seasons . They would n't even know they were losing if it were n't for the numbers .
& gt ; People should n't be so surprised by this , as guaranteed basic income is a policy that appeals to both conservatives and liberals . It 's anti-bureaucratic and simple and is a very effective anti-poverty measure So is universal healthcare yet ....
I do n't know why you 're being downvoted for speaking the truth here . Democrats are no angels . What is this ?
If hating you is wrong , I do n't want to be right . ~ The Republicans
Let me bully a Park Ranger doing their job under difficult circumstances I helped bring on . Wait ... a different and accurate viewpoint ? I 'm out .
Its almost as if there is a concerted disinformation campaign trying to confuse people about Obamacare .
I 'll take this as an improvement of sorts . Silly as this stuff is , it 's far less damaging than organized religion . It 's embarrassing now , but as a teenager I was interested in `` magik '' . I read thousands of pages of Aleister Crowley and even that fake `` Necronomicon '' that used to circulate . So esoteric . So cool . The kids will wise up eventually . Even if they do n't , I 'll take goddess worshipers , Tarot readers and other occultists over monotheists any day . `` Harm ye none , do what ye will '' is far more congenial than the bloody-mindedness of the Bible or Qur'an .
Was n't it in this same interview he says he believes in god ? Lol
who ? the democrats ?
NO WAY ! The Nobel Peace Prize winning MESSiah would never do such a thing !
I like this video but not as much as the one where he promises to end wire tapping . Although the one about closing gitmo asap was good too . It ties for my other favorite which is where he claimed Libya was caused by a video . But you cant forget about his bailouts those videos are always worth a watch after all he kept Detroit running . You can not mention favorite videos tho without talking about his absolute disgust of raising the debt limit while a part time congress person .
Lol good one , let 's just round up every last corrupt politician , regulator and law enforcement officer , and throw them in a prison that 's totally not built on corruption , and run by corrupt wardens .
Jesus is not pleased with this division within His Body .
yes , blow up the financial sector , what could possibly go wrong ? ?
I dream of different creative methods of punishing him if he were convicted of war crimes . What I like is feeding his naked living body to pigs in Laos ....
I would call that adding insult to injury , but the bill is hardly the worst part of this .
6 % of American 's clicked the wrong button .
files . wordpress . com/2009/04/black-man-tea-party . jpg maybe if you had socialism people would be able to put their apostrophe in the right place . As someone from outside the US it is just absolutely alien that people are on the streets with placards complaining about `` socialism '' especially when you see the exact people who are the ones protesting . I was in the US recently and I took a cab in St Louis , the cab driver was an older American who had bad health little or no healthcare as I understood it but he spent the entire journey complaining about socialism . As a Swede/Brit/European my head just can not get around the concept of someone whose life would be orders of magnitude better complaining about socialist beliefs . The ruling classes have through a very cunning media campaign managed to dupe the working classes .
If this even gets to 100k , you know that some whitehouse aid will respond with bullcrap about surveillance and security and the administration 's supposed stance on the NSA revelations . And of course , oh yeah the book report ; education is good .
Welcome to /r/libertarian , Glenn Beck .
Obamacare is much more than the website . My grandmother is already saving $ 100 a month in RX costs because the ACA mandated changes in drug costs for seniors . A glitchy website in the first few weeks was expected . People still will have plenty of time to sign up . The GOP is like a bunch of airline passengers who think the plane will crash because the flight attendant is a little late in handing out the duty free menu .
Should 've made a joke about sending her off to Pakistan or being honor killed for embracing western values .
Sad to say , that line worked on several conservatives I know .
The point is you invite them on b/c your fanbase believes that and they want to see hannity `` destroy '' atheists on his show , b/c it is what they want . It is a confirmation bias , they already know they are smarter than those selfish , egotistical atheists , and they need their gallant knight to show them how he slays their morrally repugnant leader using the reason and logic they try and use agains jesus . Obviously the set up is to have hannity , a good debater go against someone ill prepared for his fast talking gotcha attack journalism , well this guy was ready . Funny thing is , the christian conservatives that watch hannity , probably think ol ' han desroyed this atheist .
Call my cynical , but I am guessing they did n't 'fall ' for anything .
My grandmother got $ 59 and they just sent her a letter knocking it down to $ 23 . I am very grateful that she has us that can provide and help her . I ca n't imagine those who rely on it a great deal . Thanks government . Fuck up the only program that was doing well with a very small amount of fraud .
Liberals truly believe the ends justify the means .
Do n't we give people meds for seeing or belivinbelieving in things they think are real ?
& gt ; They could pass one this very minute if Mr. Boehner would bring the clean Senate bill to a vote . If Boehner brought a clean CR today , a large percentage of republicans would vote for it , he ca n't bring it right now .
You do n't expect him to remember what he dictates from the Teleprompter feed , do you ?
War is peace .
Yep he had lots of flaws fortunately being a bad sci-fi writer was n't one of them .
Well I 've heard that Mexicans and Blacks smoke it and then want to rape white women . It 'll also be detrimental to the cotton industry ...
`` In 2010 , more than 20 percent of Texas charter schools reportedly had a religious affiliation. `` Anyone else surprised that the percentage is that low ?
Well it 's the only way to stop that awful health care bill that they could n't stop at the ballot box or in court .
Shock .
They had me at metaphorical Jesus . That 's the last thing we want .
Boy do I love being told that we live in a Christian nation . So are Jews , Hindus , Muslims and Buddhists all second class citizens ? Political views aside , I 'm curious how these `` US=Christian Nation '' people feel about Eric Cantor , the House Majority leader ( and highest ranking Jew in the history of Congress ) . I would think he disagrees that we 're a Christian nation .
They are working on hormones to add to the chickens that shrink our penises and make us bad drivers so that they theses stereotypes will be irrelevant in the future .
EVERY nation that has surpassed the USA test scores in reading and math are nations with union teachers ... but ask any Republican/Tea Party/conservative in the USA and they will go straight to `` it 's the teachers union. ``
No their primary motivation is to get money from the wealthy then do what the wealthy want .
The only thing I took away from this article is that if a writer as terrible as this can get a column on HuffPo , I 'm obviously not trying hard enough .
`` President 's words ~~have lost all~~ never had any meaning. `` FTFY
Feels good to have a spine . They come in handy when needed .
How does Clarence Thomas approach `` judging ? `` He weighs cases based on the amount of money he 's paid .
When they actually commit sedition , maybe ? Jesus , people , it 's better if there 's only one party trying to destroy our system of government .
& gt ; You deal with it and you move on , but “ casual sex ” has taken its chunk and you ’ ll never get it back. `` Because if you cross that line . God can NEVER restore you . You are permanently damaged goods . You 'll never know TRUE intimacy . What insane rambling is this ? Is this guy a believer or does he just think he is ? I ca n't tell .
I 'm sure the US news media would fairly and objectively cover any political leader who supported such an idea .
Mainstream America wants Ed Schultz to have a heat attack on camera .
it 's a college bake sale , let 's be fair now . asians would pay 2 . 50
Texas Pride = The ability to continually elect mental deficients to Congress .
Liberals : `` We ran a black guy so we ca n't be racist ! `` Tea Party : `` We ran a guy with a 9-9-9 tax plan that will help the economy ! He also has great business experience ! `` Media : The Tea Party functions solely around racist issues .
It 's cute that people think that a large percentage of pharmaceutical expenditures is for developing new drugs . The marketing budget dwarfs new development R & amp ; D expenses .
Fuck the Bronze Age .
I had no idea we had this problem with Barack until I read the same reddit article that you did .
`` No title of nobility shall be granted by the United States : and no person holding any office of profit or trust under them , shall , without the consent of the Congress , accept of any present , emolument , office , or title , of any kind whatever , from any king , prince , or foreign state. `` Article I , Section 9 , Clause 8 , Constitution , United States of America .
Ok , I only have one x chromosome ... but I feel patronized .
I wish . And if it is really happening it will be interpreted by some hardcore religious blockheads as God 's intention when he/she/it realized we were not worthy of worshiping him .. Of course , he/she/it knew it from the start .
So ... they purchased these books , which by extension funds further prints of these books , just so they could burn these books thus limiting the potential supply . And this burning of these books does what exactly , save for leading to more printings of those bibles ?
Never , is that soon enough ?
When was it ever a haven for free speech ?
Study : Over 80 % of Americans will re-elect their Congressman/men this fall .
I 'm a college professor . Incorrect attribution is n't what happened here . He plagiarized . I 'd report him to the university , and he 'd either get expelled or at least put on academic probation .
& gt ; Sean Duffy says the religious freedom and tolerance must continue to be a pillar of our foreign policy . Just not our domestic policy . That would be against what god wants .
They are cops . That 's the difference . They will get 2 weeks paid vacation . Are you new in this country ?
Holy shit ! I just realized I 'm killing future children right now . This must be rectified imediately .
You mean like when his union buddies go on strike ?
Landmark in the sense that it conforms to the reality 99 % of scientist know to be true .
I 'd like to see her abolish corporate personhood .
Now if only he 'd address his personal issues of pederasty .
They hate us for our freedom .
So you can easily imagine levels of selfish treachery that did not exist back when top marginal rates were very high , but you have trouble imagining that visionaries who do n't get to keep most of their personal economic gains would continue to innovate ? It sounds to me like the problem is with your imagination , not any particular tax proposal .
Do n't forget the oral sex !
& gt ; “ We need to move on and take whatever we can find in the debt limit . ” Holy shit , do these guys not learn ? `` Hey I pissed on the electric fence over here and it just about blew my dick off , but hey , I bet if I piss on it over there something else will happen '' . Fucking idiots .
Impossible . Obamacare kills jobs , I heard it on the talky and the picture box .
I actually heard Greta Van Whatever complaining on Fox ( via Colbert ) that nobody knew what to do and where to go to sign up . Lady , that 's your actual job . That 's what the news is actually supposed to be doing . Informing people . That 's like a garbage man not picking up the trash for month and complaining that there 's too much trash everywhere .
Irony , thy name is mobile site : com/YcKqiHt

Mmmm . A-H5N1 .
Great , so who goes to jail ? No one ? So , business as usual .
Would n't California be , um , part of America ? And therefore a component of its `` exceptionalism '' ?
Pro-tip : Do n't actually ask your local Republican . The answers will leave you questioning humanity .
How do we get the constitution changed so they have a reason to care ?
Pat Robertson fits the bill for sure .
He 's on a one man crusade to marry them all ...
You mean they 've learned nothing by another public , massive defeat ? Shocking .
Citation for the stories that have been `` pouring in '' , please ?
Maybe he should create a National Board of Journalism Teachers and give himself accreditation so he can flunk them anyways .
I 'm not a Vietnam vet , but I am an Iraq vet and I got out at E-5 . I disagree with this letter strongly . Not that vets day should n't be a school holiday , but at going after MLK day . Really ? How petty is that ? I do draw the line at Memorial Day though . That is more important to me than Veterans Day .
So , everyone should love pedophilia ?
This is now officially my favorite novelty account . [ slow clap ]
Thanks CBO , but we already saved $ 4 billion by taking food out of people 's mouths . We 're good .
Hope they win . Anti abortionism is evil , pure and simple
I agree , hes definitely doing what his constituents elected him for . Unfortunately , they elected him based on a lot of hearsay that he himself has contributed to .
Yes , expand the pyramid scheme ...
& gt ; $ 7,000 fine It 's insane that one of the largest businesses in the world would refuse to pay this , but it 's Walmart . Is anyone surprised ?
Standard stuff here , nothing new . Same old flawed foundations supporting poor arguments . He `` owns '' himself , so he is somehow self-sovereign and all humans ought to respect that asking nothing in return . So he has a right to what he gets and no obligation to give in return . Standard libertarian nonsense .
It would make too much sense to connect all major US cities by rail . I think that the Airlines and car companies would lobby heavily to make sure this never happens . Looking at which cities the Highspeed was supposed to connect , it seems it was destined to fail .
Yeah because Obama is not at all a communist . He also has n't focused his entire life , including jobs , friends , mentors , `` religion '' and education exclusively around it . He is a just a regular , good old capitalism loving , American patriot .
Fucking ignorant rednecks . Fucking ignorant rednecks everywhere .
Please give him something to keep him in the US , we dont need him back in the UK .
Only to keep them from being embarrassed , because they 're such obvious moral failures they would rather have privacy while they find their bootstraps to pull themselves up with .
American Jews have pretty much never supported Israel in lockstep . Rather , their support base in the states comes from the born again Christians and Evangelicals .
A prosperity Gospel preacher in a mega-church turns out to be corrupt ? What next , is someone going to tell me that Jorge Bergoglio is a papist ?
Of course this is only an issue in Republican states . When Michigan passed its voter ID law , not a single democrat came here ranting and raving some bullshit about racism .
On a related tangent , I 've said the same thing ; I can foresee a new type of commercialized government where all citizens are also employees of the company . I reckon it 'll present itself first when we land on Mars ( coz you know that shit will be done by a private company ) and therefore everyone on Mars will be employees . Homes will be all sleekly product designed and town hall would be an Apple store or whatever .
For a sub disappointed with Obama , r/politics seems really eager to vote for administration employees .
So much for the Hippocratic oath
If you are under 100 % of the federal poverty level you do not qualify for a subsidy . If your state did not expand medicaid you do not qualify for that . You are SOL .
Mitch was doing a petty good job of that himself .
Ca n't stand Obama . Agree with him here 100 % . I 'm guessing one of the aides had to pull him aside after this . `` Umm ... mister president .... yeah .... ummmm .... ``
Good luck , starting your driver-less car with out a google plus account : )
`` It will never be pretended that any persons employed in that service [ making the constitution ] had any interviews with the gods , or were in any degree under the inspiration of heaven '' -John Adams
i wish there was someone/a group of people out there who were good enough to do this kind of shit right back to them . crash their servers , infect their computers , tap into them ... you know , just completely disable them to match their own unconstitutional behavior and stop them .
Well , to me the immediate problem is that it 's faulty to view God as a being among other beings . God is more like being-itself . Thus by definition you ca n't really have a God-eating-penguin . However , this statement is ridiculing the `` you ca n't prove God does n't exist '' argument , which is a bad argument so I do n't mind this statement that much . Shrugs
Do n't they need it the MOST ?
This joke is so boring now . I 'm surprised when I do n't see it posted about any piece of computer hardware news .
If only they 'd worked harder and gotten a third job , they would have been millionaires .
They 're all `` worthless '' unless you have the money to pay what the insurance does n't - after paying for the insurance ! That is not a phenomenon that started with the health care act .
I hope it does n't need food stamps ..
Children are more sensible .
So it 's the same policy toward illegal aliens .
It 's bad , approval among black Americans has fallen to a “ staggering ” 93 . 6 % .
This is all part of a broader conspiracy amongst the Seeker-Driven Movement to make public urination a Religious Hate Crime .
I think we are just going to see more republicans in general , Spanish , black , white , Asian , they all know that Obama is a fuck up .
I could get behind that . They make beer for members , sell it to help support their church , and part of the money they bring in goes to the community . But god still does n't exist .
I now tell people that they 're making `` the wealthy '' pay for this . When they realize they 're footing the bill , I turn and say `` Congratulations ! You 're wealthy ! ! ! ``
And 50 years ago a kid would be terrified to let their parents read their diary . The web is n't the problem , nor are the parents . The fact of life is that kids do things their parents do n't like , and no matter how those things are recorded kids would always prefer some privacy .
But we know that we would . We 've had marginal rates at that level in the past and our Rockefeller 's , Carnegie 's and Edison 's all stayed . And people still flooded into this country and tried to be worthy of those high tax rates .
It 's alright guys , they got bored and were distracted by boobs . TRUE STORY
Washington , D. C. Surpasses New York , L. A. as Fastest Growing Region of Wealth weeklystandard . com/blogs/washington-dc-surpasses-new-york-la-fastest-growing-region-wealth 767299. html 7 of the 10 richest counties in D. C. forbes . com/sites/tomvanriper/2013/04/25/americas-richest-counties/
It surprises me that Republican congressmen use visual aids like this . It just seems to be contradicting their talking points essentially telling Obama to butt out and concentrate on foreign affairs , leaving domestic issues to Congress . But then they spend hours on the floor complaining about him negotiating with foreign leaders instead of acting as a liaison between Democrats and Republicans in Congress . I just wish Republicans would pick one or the other and run with it . Edit for grammar
Jesus Christ , she still exists ?
Obama is a center right moderate and he gets painted as a left wing radical . If they are going to call whoever we nominate a radical , why not actually nominate a real liberal ?
She 's not quiet , she 's not revolutionary , and she 's not going to run in 2016
Three questions : 1 . Did their previous insurance provide access to `` Family Planning '' ? 2 . Does the benefits package for executives cover `` Family Planning '' ? 3 . Does a Multi National Corporation with headquarters in Pakistan have the right to place their American employees under Sharia law ? Inquiring minds want to know . I 'll believe corporations have a soul when one is given Last Rites just before Texas executes it .
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! HAHAHAHAHA ! HAHA ! HA ... Now I 'm sad because this will never happen : (
Yeah , but guys , Politifact said this was half-true . You just do n't understand the nuance . Serious you guys .
If the goal of economic policy since 1980 was to consolidate as much of the currency from the pockets of many into that of the few , job well fuckin done .
How can someone ban volunteers ? `` Hi , I 'm here to help out w/o asking for ANYTHING in return. `` `` Why do you want to do that ? `` `` Because I care about the less fortunate and want to make a difference. `` `` WRONG ANSWER BITCH , IT 'S TO GLORIFY GOD ! GET THE FUCK OUT ! ``
And we are all a bunch of young white males who are n't being inclusive enough .
You can still be first to leave a comment on that site .
Because the House can not vote on a bill unless the Speaker allows it , and Boehner and his compatriots have been planning this shutdown all year long . Why would they allow such a vote to take place until the country can be sufficiently damaged and he can start pointing fingers everywhere else ?
Guns have what the ACA does n't , point and click .
Why do I get the impression the tea party is nothing but a bunch of old racist white men who would rather bring the country down with them , than let president do his job ?
Funny , we 're in the same category as Canada , western Europe , Australia , and Japan despite the constant comparisons to them .
You have to be careful not to allow unqualified to vote . Since Florida has so much trouble with voter fraud , they should not allow anyone to vote . That would solve the problem . Can not be too careful .
But GOP members of Congress with their gun to the head of the American people making hostage demands will be paid during the shutdown . How is that fair ?
The truth is out of style
What 's sad is that trucking used to be a viable , respectable blue-collar career that would feed your family and provide dignity . Until deregulation , and Republican-led initiatives to fire-then-rehire as `` independent contractors '' made it a race-to-the-bottom , amphetamine-fueled class of serfdom . Yet these truckers blamed unions & amp ; demonized `` liberals '' , while rewarding their tormentors , for destroying their vocation as a desirable , honorable profession .
He used audacity
I saw you driving that car you filthy whore ...
I probably wont see you until after new years , so thats Christmas and new years , plural , im trying to say happy holidays to cover both . Sorry for starting a war on Christ
Hands off my medicore !
I believe nothing the Obama regime tells me , I believe a lot of what the Iranian one does .
What is there to manipulate , the two part system has both parties controlled by the same people .
So translation : `` We ca n't have atheists helping people , that totally undermines my desire to believe they 're all selfish and uncharitable ! ``
Gridlock is great when you are an oligarch operating under a corrupt tax scheme with all aspects of government locked in your favor and against the interests of 99 . 99 % of the population . The stupidity of these remaining poor tea party folks is stunning , holding a gun to their own heads to rob the nation blind for the likes of the Koch brothers .
I think just as tons of more `` liberal '' people have been twisting the Pope 's words for sensationalist headlines ( and then when corrected seem to blame anything or anyone other than their own initial misconception ) , this is also a pretty sensationalist headline from the other side . I think this article is slightly more honest than the NY Times or Huffington Post was ( not saying much ) , it still misses the point entirely . Vatican Headline : `` Pope : Lord save us from the subtle conspiracies of worldliness '' AsiaNews Headline : `` God save us from the `` hegemonic uniformity ” of the `` one line of thought '' , `` fruit of the spirit of the world that negotiates everything ” even faith '' Free Republic Headline : `` God save us from the `` hegemonic uniformity ” of the `` one line of thought '' ( Slams progressives ) '' The Gateway Pundit ( posted to r/Christianity ) : `` POPE FRANCIS Blasts Progressive Movement – “ The Fruit of the Devil ” '' And of course the latter will get more pageclicks , just like `` Pope Says Church Is ‘ Obsessed ’ With Gays , Abortion and Birth Control '' got way way more pageclicks than `` A Big Heart Open to God '' . Worldliness is the Spirit of the Devil . Some progressives consider any proverbial `` move forward '' as being more important than their own fidelity to the Faith . ( You can see this sometimes in other threads on r/Christianity -- '' the church needs to 'catch up ' to the rest of the culture on issue ! `` ) This is a product of worldliness .
Both these guys need a swift kick in the balls .
oh my sides ! , it feels so good to give them a big `` I told you so dumbass '' , then again this is now the law and I am frightened .
It is very simplistic to think it is just the money . It is more all that unconditional love and support that they are getting from US that enables them to behave like a spoiled child . It is all those . If they had to deal with their neighbors in a fair and civilized way ( as all the other countries in the world do ) , and in the absence of continuous US partial interference , they would be forced to reconcile and co-exist with them . The US unconditional love and support in the long-run is doing Israelis more harm than good , not mentioning the rest of region .
If only the polls had been unskewed in time , the 'real Americans ' would 've seen the plain , unvarnished truth and removed the Muslim Atheist Socialist Fascist Kenyan usurper from office . Twice .
One of us ! One of us !
yea , and some survived it .
But Rand Paul and Mitch McConnell said they were winning .
This is hardly Fox News ... ( I 'm here all week . )
Funny how religion needs to have a non-suicide clause in the first case . I guess the mom should have gone ahead and murdered the girl and then asked god for forgiveness . That 's legit by their twisted rules .
Well if they did n't want to die of hunger they should have worked harder when they were younger /republican .
There are already factories that convert co2 emissions into building materials : they 're called forests
Poll : Americans Do n't Want Republicans or Democrats In Control Of Congress .
Hawaii is Kenya now .
Christian American Patriots Militia - so Nazi brown shirts then .
That 's because Republicans do n't want poor people to vote . Those cheeky bastards .
`` They never ask these questions to Jews or Christians. `` Oh the martyrdom .
& gt ; “ Selling some of your unwanted possessions on eBay or Craigslist could bring in some quick cash . ” The content of the article does n't match the title of the article . It 's like i 'm reading /r/conservative
& gt ; ~~Cross country organisers force US teen out of a race by assigning her the number 666~~ US teen voluntarily drops out of race due to irrational religious objection to the number 666 . FTFY
Because then there would n't be any gurus .
& gt ; The Democratic National Committee has actually purchased the domain for YourRepublicanUncle . com stereotype much ?
`` Repeal Obamacare or we start killing kittens. `` - the GOP 's next bright idea
I thought this was r/firstworldanarchists with the favorite color being coke cola
False equivalence : `` I 'm right , you 're wrong . Now that we 've established that as the basis of discussion , we can progress as equals. ``
Ca n't argue with that logic
Yes , keep running that interference ...
Well , you know , when you 're right about everything why bother listening ?
Hey , in his defense the original constitution had no problem with slavery and put women in a lower social class . Sounds biblical to me ...
Agreed , I thought that was some of the change Obama was hawking . Instead he mandated that we buy insurance from his campaign contributors . Guess the guy likes to be president more than helping his country . He did n't say it was going to be change for the better though .
THE EMPEROR HAS NO CLOTHES !
Oh look , a right-wing blowhard is talking out his ass . Must be a day that ends in `` y '' .
Ahhh yes , the ol ' he 's such an eloquent and learned speaker on issues of belief , religion and theism as well as being a noted scientist , this only confirms my belief that this averred non-believer who has repeatedly argued against silly beliefs is actually a believer . If you can believe that .
she needs to take a dirt nap soon ..
Yes , I found this article pretty interesting . Not at all reactionary .
What next Harvey Milk ended homophobia ?
well , your calender compactor belongs in the trash compactor .
I 'm glad they did n't go on and on about that old myth we do n't eat babies .
I 've given up on most national media outlets . I stick to my local newspaper for the most part now . Too much bipartisan cock sucking and smearing from both sides .
Well one can ensure that you and your family are protected while the other is just a silly healthcare law : P
Heaven forbid that those kids might be allowed to actually think for themselves .
A smart guy like Bill Nye should know the moon is made of glowy stuff .
Unicorn populations are out of control and causing habitat destruction for Bigfeets .
Destroy the federal government but keep your hands off my Medicare !
No she will not look back . It is almost impossible for people like her to examine there lives and see the errors and mistakes they have made . She is a true believer and thinks of herself as god 's vessel . If she is wrong , then her god is wrong . Michele will go to her grave thinking she did her god 's will . The overwhelming evidence that the world rejects her ideas only servers as proof , to her , of righteousness . She is a sad delusional old woman who should have never been given power over anything more sentient than a goldfish .
Legitimate criticism of Israel is 1 ) Seen as anti-semitism and 2 ) never legitimate because poor Israel has the whole world against them and they just want to live peacefully in the holy land . Fuck Israel , the warmongers .
Cry me a river , OP . I 'm thrilled that ENDA passed and fundies ca n't be discriminatory bigots in the workplace any longer .
Abort all the things !
It wants to keep the drug companies healthy . Why cure when you can treat with medicine for the rest of ones life and get revenue all along the way . That teamed with the bureaucracy and snails pace of advances sums it up .
And to think that people actually believe that the TV series 'Continuum ' is based on fiction ...
I wish there were a way to find out how many voters for and against were high at the time they voted .
No . The drug wars havent murdered all of the Mexicans yet . We need to hit at least 900k , the last 100k is free ! Bonus points if we can double our guns and munitions exports down there first too ! Besides , legal marijuana money has to go to shitty government services like schools and medicaid . If we put people into private prisons we can allow our glorious leaders to benefit from the prisons directly ! I just do n't think you get it . Putting other people in prison and killing brown people means your freedom is even more valuable ! Yaaaaay ! ! ! ! Also , all of the experience in urban warfare will be useful when America begins its glorious domestic war against hackers and freedom hating protestor types .
Your tax dollars at work .
Facts do n't matter to conservatives
Go back to the leftist threads , your kind is not welcome here .
Keep attacking the one world leader who stands up to fags , guys . Whoever said conservatives are their own worst enemies ?
Takers come in all forms . Vets . Welfare queens . Widows . People who own COLOR TV 's . Orphans . /s
Why would they ?
Yes . Just fucking yes . Plus , if anyone criticizes her we can just call them sexist . Its perfect .
He 's anti-Midas . Everything he touches turns into shit . At least he is upfront with it .
Well , with the help of liquid nitrogen - maybe .
Anybody else find it hilarious this came from the guardian and not an American based news source ? Gee I ca n't imagine why ...
Happened when Rusty Venture slept with his teen fan club president .
Poor Lindsey , go pickup some tissues and a bucket of ice cream and head over to John McCain 's house , I hear he 's pretty down in the dumps himself .
Is the island really sinking , or is the sea level rising around it ?
The god they are worshipping is n't Father , Son and Holy Spirit , it 's Mammon .
If you concentrate , you can hear the BLEHHHHH STATES RIGHTS bleating from pro-life bloggers .
`` The wages of sin is AAAUGGGHHHH ! `` -- Robert Short , The Gospel According to Peanuts
Ha ! Gaaaayyyy
In truth this has nothing to do with lobbying or cynical politics . The uniforms created 8 years ago were horribly designed . They universally stood out in every environment . Supposedly the army did their extensive testing on colors and patterns to arrive at good uniform . But then some top brass ordered them to use the marine digicam pattern ( because it 's cool and good for recruitment presumably ) but to keep the new army colors . Colors need to be designed specific to a pattern , hence the most ineffective cam since the British invaded ( ok , slight overstatement ) . This time I hope they do it right . This is a great story about wasteful spending , but not so much about corruption .
In his letter of resignation , he said he wishied to spend more quality time with his klan .
I love how they show the pictures of the items they are talking about . You know , instead of just using visually entertaining stock images that are vaguely related .
Damn Ted , you must think gods a pussy .
Religions ai n't over 'til the magic brownies say so .
Unmarried sex is only bad if the female has an orgasm , because women are sinful vile things who do n't deserve enjoyment .
The joke is that there might be more innovative people . After all , real genuises have tended not to be so interested in money as they are so overwhelmingly interested in their work . Did Mozart or Einstein need a ton of money ? Did they cry about not having three swimming pools and multiple Porches ? What if we were actually closing off the very best talent or simply ignoring it ?
& gt ; When her group [ the Oklahoma Coalition for Reproductive Justice ] began lobbying against a Personhood bill by saying it would restrict in-vitro fertilization , or IVF , a legislator who planned to vote for it , said : “ Sorry , what ’ s IVF ? ” Why do American voters allow morons to govern America ? ( And no , I 'm trying really really hard not to just leap to the obvious conclusion . )
It 's sad that low-information liberals do n't get the idea that stand your ground is the means for poor people to protect themselves from others attempting to bully them . Stand your ground means you do n't have to turn your back on a threat , which is often the worst thing you can do . Having to be forced in the time of danger to try to determine if your back is truly against the wall ( figuratively ) in the face of a threat . If the situation between the black young man and a Hispanic guy were switched , and the hispanic was driving the black guy 's head into the asphalt for no reason other than his own rage , the vast majority of America would support the black man using lethal force to save his own life . If you are n't in favor of stand your ground , you 're either ignorant or you 've got a gun control agenda .
And right after this . Obama was able to pick them out in a crowd of people , diagnose the issue as not serious from the stage , and then get them some water . How could anyone not love such a compassionate and caring leader ?
It 's important here to remember the words of Jesus when he said `` Let the little children come to me , and do not hinder them , for the kingdom of heaven belongs to such as these , until they make too much noise and then you can stare at their parents until they feel so awkward and ashamed and feel like they need to apologise for their children , and then they take their kids to a separate room. ``
This open-minded academic nailed it right on the head
Does it comes in agp ?
Ouch . Do n't hold back , tell us how you really feel .
Well at least you 're honest . Unfortunately , paying for things is kind of expected . Definitely not as much as what they 're asking , but no money means no Game of Thrones for us to pirate . I prefer taking a moral middle ground -- I look on what streaming services I have available in Canada , and if it 's not there ... Then yes , there 's that wonderful Swedish site everyone loves . Which of course means I 'm pretty much always going Swedish . Or using region unblockers . Thanks , content distributors , for ignoring everyone outside of the US !
Congratulations on your successful surgery , praise God ! Also , you have enough beard to shame an Orthodox priest .
Next up on Fox News : Is the Pope instigating class warfare ?
In other news , apples 40 times more popular than oranges .
Yeah , yeah , yeah , but if I dare bitch about buhraaack between bites of my turkey drumstick I 'm right back in the KKK again as far as the libtards are concerned .
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA- wait ... are you serious ?
Would they take it back ?
Now if only this could show the millions of people who will stay wallowed in poverty because the train ca n't go faster .
Apparently , liberals are all for regulation as long as it does n't interfere with their ability to kill the shit out of some fetus . Heaven forbid we try to increase regulations on abortions . No , no , no . We ca n't have that .
Bachmann is nothing if not persistent , her pigheaded refusal to accept facts and give up her delusions border on a personality disorder .
Blame the veil covering all their peripheral vision .
I 'm going to use this comment without giving credit to you .
Utah : Our Jesus can beat up your Jesus . Can I get `` In Javier Morales We Trust ''
I prefer it ! I 'm a Texan and a while back I had a HORRIBLE kidney stone but I did n't know what it was because I had never had one before , I went to the ER in EXCRUCIATING pain and they treated me wonderfully ! I got three , count 'em baby three , shots of morphine through an IV , that is an experience I have never had before but enjoyed and would recommend ! Then I left with a handful of prescriptions after a CT scan ( is that right ? Some kind of scan ! ) and went home and was high as a kite for a few days and then it passed and we were all good again . Woo ! So then the bill comes and it 's $ 8000 ! So at first I was all like `` woah , shit '' so I called and complained because while in the ER I had specifically ask , repeatedly , how much the scan would cost and had repeatedly had my question refused to be answered by the doctors , nurses , radiologists ( or whatever they 're called ) and even the lady who came in to get my personal info and ask me for a credit card to pay `` as much as I could afford right now '' ( I authorized 50 $ because she would n't explain to me what exactly it was I was paying for `` right now '' and I finally decided they just wanted a card on file ) . Sooo when the bill comes the scan ALONE was 6000 bucks , just the scan , the entire rest of my treatment was only 2000 which I would probably have paid gladly after the wonderful care I got ( and I knew I was uninsured going into this and I knew ERs are expensive and at the time I was in HORRIBLE pain and scared shitless by it so I did n't care ) . I made my choices and would live with them but 6 grand for JUST THE SCAN ? That seemed unreasonable to me and I also found out later that scans like that are n't necessary for kidney stones and often are n't done unless you 're peeing blood , so wtf ? So this is where the fun starts , I called to complain about this scan cost , I was quite clear that I would pay a reasonable about for my care and was happy with my care but I could n't afford 8000 total and that 6k for the scan was nuts , so they ask me to fill out some paperwork to see if I qualified for `` financial relief '' from my bill . I explained again that I did n't want charity , I just wanted a reasonable bill ( and BTW , 2000 for the three shots of morhpine and the 10 minutes the doctor spent with me seems a little out of whack too , 800 of that is called an `` ER fee '' and is apparently a charge you get just for walking into the ER regardless of what happens next , but hey they took good care of me and I do n't know what the fuck morphine costs ) . Anyway the only option I had was to file for the charitable relief , well ya see I am currently a `` stay at home uncle '' my brother abandoned his two kids with our mom , she ca n't afford day care ( you would not fucking believe how expensive day care is ) and since I made less money than she does , I become the stay at home parent . We all live together now , she pays the bills and I take care of the kids . It was weird at first but it 's actually kinda rewarding and fun now ( most of the time ) . So technically I 'm single with no income and have been for about a year and a half now and my tax returns reflect that . Actually do have some income for contract IT work with people who knew me before I quit , it 's all under the table though . Soooo I got FULL relief . I actually have some money and my mother actually makes `` ok '' money and we were willing to pay a reasonable amount for the bill ( my hope was to reduce it by half to 4k and pay it out over time , lower is better of course but I had braced myself to accept 4 grand if I could negotiate hard enough to get there ) . Instead I paid 0 $ . And I learned a valuable lesson , if it looks like you have no money you can go to the ER for freeeeee ! Wee ! So suck it tax payers I ripped you off for 8000 bucks and I have three pain pills left over for a rainy day ! Now stupid Obamacare is going to make me pay for my own insurance : ( boooo That 's going to be like 70 $ a month . EVERY month ! You even have to pay in December ! Come on government , it 's baby Jesus birthday , fucking dicks .
Drive-thru abortions are next . I 've driven half-way across the state to see a specialist . If it really is their choice to have the abortion then this should n't hinder them .
Moore is a big supporter of Veterans . He runs an organization that focuses on getting Veterans jobs when they come home . He is simply pointing out the hypocrisy of the vapid `` Support our troops '' types that actually do n't do a fucking thing to support our troops , and do n't even realize how bad off a lot of Veterans are when they come home . Here is an op-ed he wrote that explains his position pretty well : P. S. If you actually thought he was celebrating suicides of Veterans , you are probably mentally challenged .
The pope is meeting a cruel dictator . Likely wo n't address his cruel dictatorship . Boo . At least he is n't blessing Rebecca Kadaga like the last pope .
